PHILI-303151-21
LIMITED PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT
OF
SCP PRIVATE EQUITY PARTNERS II, L.P.
(A Delaware Limited Partnership)TABLE OF CONTENTS
Page
ARTICLE 1. DEFINITIONS I
ARTICLE II. ORGANIZATION 9
SECTION 2.1 Formation of Limited Partnership 9
SECTION 2.2 Firm Name; Registered and Principal Office 10
SECTION 2.3 Purpose 10
SECTION 2.4 Powers 10
ARTICLE III. GENERAL PARTNER II
SECTION 3.1 Name, Address and Subscription II
SECTION 3.2 Management and Control of the Partnership II
SECTION 3.3 Powers II
SECTION3.4 Certificate of Limited Partnership 12
SECTION 3.5 Authority and Duty 12
SECTION 3.6 Salaries; Special Income 12
SECTION 3.7 Co-Investment with Parallel Funds or Limited Partners 13
SECTION 3.8 Other Activities 14
SECTION 3.9 Avoidance of Conflicts ofInterest 14
SECTION 3.10 Duty of Care 16
SECTION 3.11 Investment Limitations 17
SECTION 3.12 Unrelated Business Taxable Income 18
SECTION 3.13 ERISA Matters 18
SECTION 3.14 Removal and Replacement of General Partner 19
SECTION 3.15 Exclusion from Investments 20
SECTION 3.16 Divestment from Investments 21
SECTION 3.I7 Media and Common Carrier Companies 21
ARTICLE IV. LIMITED PARTNERS 22
SECTION 4.1 Names, Addresses and Subscriptions 22
SECTION 4.2 Liability 22
SECTION 4.3 No Control of Partnership; Other Limitations 23
SECTION 4.4 Death, Dissolution or Bankruptcy 23
ARTICLE V. EXPENSES; MANAGEMENT FEE 23
SECTION 5.1 Payment of Costs and Expenses 23
SECTION 5.2 Management Fee 24
PHIL 1- 303151-21 -i-ARTICLE VI. INVESTMENT COMMITTEE AND LIMITED PARTNERS ADVISORY
COMMITTEE 25
SECTION 6.1 Appointment and Vacancies 25
SECTION 6.2 Meetings of the Investment Committee and Limited Partners Advisory
Committee 26
SECTION 6.3 Duties 26
SECTION 6.4 Voting; Rules and Procedures '.' 26
SECTION 6.5 Duty of Care 26
ARTICLE VII. ADDITIONAL LIMITED PARTNERS 27
SECTION 7.1 Additional Subscriptions After Initial Closing 27
SECTION 7.2 Accession to Agreement 27
ARTICLE VIII. CAPITAL OF THE PARTNERSHIP 28
SECTION 8.1 Capital Contributions 28
SECTION 8.2 Failure to Make Additional Capital Contributions 29
SECTION 8.3 Excused Partner 30
SECTION 8.4 No Interest or Withdrawals 30
SECTION 8.5 Key-Man Triggering Event 30
ARTICLE IX. ACCOUNTS 31
SECTION 9.1 Contributions Accounts 31
SECTION 9.2 Capital Accounts 31
SECTION 9.3 Accounting for Distributions in Kind 31
SECTION 9.4 Compliance With Treasury Regulations 31
ARTICLEX. ALLOCATIONS 32
SECTION 10.1 Allocation of Profits 32
SECTION 10.2 Allocation of Losses 33
SECTION 10.3 Allocation of Operating Expenses 33
SECTION 10.4 Distributions in Kind 33
SECTION 10.5 Regulatory Allocations 34
SECTION 10.6 Adjustments to Reflect Changes in Interests 34
SECTION 10.7 Tax Allocations 35
SECTION 10.8 Timing of Allocations 35
SECTION 10.9 Authority of General Partner to Vary Allocations and Distributions to Preserve
and Protect Partners' Intent 35
SECTION 10.10 Allocation of Operating Expenses Among Portfolio Securities 36
SECTION 10.11 Adjustment of Profits and Losses with Respect to Excused Partners 36
ARTICLE XI. DISTRIBUTIONS 36
SECTION 11.1 Tax Distributions 36
SECTION 11.2 Timing of Distributions 37
SECTION 11.3 Priority of Distributions 37
PHILl-303151-21 -ii-SECTION 11.4 Tax Withholding 39
SECTION 11.5 Certain Distributions Prohibited 39
SECTION 11.6 Consent to Distributions 39
SECTION 11.7 Reserve Account 39
SECTION 11.8 Additional Obligations 40
ARTICLE XII. VALUATION OF PARTNERSHIP ASSETS 40
SECTION 12.1 Valuation 40
SECTION 12.2 Certain Securities 41
ARTICLE XIII. DURATION OF THE PARTNERSHIP 41
SECTION 13.1 Term of Partnership 41
SECTION 13.2 Dissolution Upon Withdrawal of General Partner 41
SECTION 13.3 Dissolution by Partners 41
SECTION 13.4 Extension of Term 42
ARTICLE XIV. LIQUIDATION OF PARTNERSHIP INTERESTS 42
SECTION 14.1 General Provisions 42
SECTION 14.2 Liquidating Distributions 42
SECTION 14.3 Expenses of Liquidator(s) 43
SECTION 14.4 Duration of Liquidation 43
SECTION 14.5 Duty of Care 43
SECTION 14.6 No Liability for Return of Capital 43
SECTION 14.7 Liabilities of the General Partner upon Dissolution 43
ARTICLE XV. LIMITATION ON TRANSFERS OF INTERESTS OF LIMITED
PARTNERS 44
SECTION 15.1 Consent of General Partner to Transfers 44
SECTION 15.2 Opinion of Counsel 44
SECTION 15.3 Expenses 44
SECTION 15.4 Substituted Limited Partners 44
SECTION 15.5 Covenants of Limited Partners 45
ARTICLE XVI. WITHDRAWAL OF PARTNERSHIP INTERESTS 45
SECTION 16.1 Withdrawal of Partnership Interests 45
SECTION 16.2 ERISA Partner Withdrawal 45
SECTION 16.3 Cure Period; Time of Withdrawal 46
SECTION 16.4 Effects of ERISA Partner Withdrawal 46
SECTION 16.5 Distribution to ERISA Partner 46
SECTION 16.6 Conforming Amendment 47
SECTION 16.7 PERI SA Partner Withdrawal 47
PH1LI-303151-21 -iii-ARTICLE XVII. LIMITATION ON TRANSFER OF INTEREST OF THE GENERAL
PARTNER 47
SECTION 17.1 Limitation on Transfer oflnterest ofthe General Partner 47
ARTICLE XVIII. INDEMNIFICATION 47
SECTION 18.1 General Provisions 47
SECTION 18.2 Advance Payment of Expenses 49
SECTION 18.3 Insurance 49
SECTION 18.4 Sharing oflndemnification Expenses with Parallel Funds 49
SECTION 18.5 Limitation by Law 50
ARTICLE XIX. ACCOUNTING; RECORDS AND REPORTS; ANNUAL MEETINGS 50
SECTION 19.1 Fiscal year 50
SECTION 19.2 Keeping of Accounts and Records 50
SECTION 19.3 Inspection Rights 51
SECTION 19.4 Annual Financial Statements 51
SECTION 19.5 Quarterly Financial Statements; Investment Memoranda 51
SECTION 19.6 Annual Meetings 52
SECTION 19.7 Accounting Method 52
SECTION 19.8 Independent Accountants 52
SECTION 19.9 Amortization of Organizational Expenses 52
SECTION 19.10 Change of Principal Office 52
ARTICLE XX. WAIVER AND AMENDMENT 52
SECTION20.1 Waiver and Amendment 52
ARTICLE XXI. GENERAL PROVISIONS 53
SECTION 21.1 Notices 53
SECTION 21.2 Power of Attorney 53
SECTION21.3 Waiver of Partition 55
SECTION 21.4 Additional Documents 55
SECTION 21.5 Binding on Successors 55
SECTION21.6 Counterparts 55
SECTION 21.7 Action by Limited Partners; Nonvoting Limited Partnership Interest 55
SECTION 21.8 Voting 56
SECTION 21.9 Governing Law 56
SECTION 21.10 Securities Act Matters 56
SECTION 21.11 Right to Rely on Authority of General Partner 56
SECTION 21.12 Tax Matters Partner 56
SECTION 21.13 Contract Construction 57
SECTION 21.14 Section Headings 57
SCHEDULE A
PHlLl~303151-21
Address of Partnership; Name, Address and Subscription of Partners A-I
-iv-This Agreement incorporates all changes through , 2000 which such changes have
an effective date as of June 15,2000.
SCP PRIVATE EQUITY PARTNERS ll, L.P.
LIMITED PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT
LIMITED PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT, dated as of June 15,2000, by and among SCP
Private Equity II General Partner, L.P., a limited partnership organized under the laws of the State
of Delaware, as the general partner, and those Persons listed in Schedule A hereto, as amended from
time to time after the date hereof, as limited partners.
Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein. the parties hereto, intending to be
legally bound hereby, agree as follows:
ARTICLE r. DEFINITIONS
Capitalized terms used herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them below.
"Additional Capital Contributions" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 8.1.
"Adjusted Capital Account Deficit" means, with respect to any Partner, the deficit balance, ifany,
in such Partner's Capital Account as of the end of the relevant fiscal year. after giving effect to the
following adjustments:
(I) credit to such Capital Account any amounts which such Partner is obligated
to restore pursuant to any provisions of this Agreement or is deemed to be obligated to restore
pursuant to the penultimate sentences of Treasury Regulations 99 1.704-2(g)(I) and 1.704-2(i)(5);
and
(2) debit to such Capital Account the items described in Treasury Regulations
99 1.704-1 (b)(2)(ii)( d)(4), 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(d)(5) and 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)( d)(6).
The foregoing definition of Adjusted Capital Account Deficit is intended to comply with the
provisions of Treasury Regulations 9 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(d) and shall be interpreted consistently
therewith.
"Affiliate" means, with respect to the Person to which itrefers, a Person that directly or indirectly
through one ormore intermediaries, controls, iscontrolled by, or isunder common control with, such
subject Person. For this purpose, (I) each Principal and the Management Company shall be deemed
to be an Affiliate ofthe General Partner, and (2) each executive officer or director of any Safeguard
Company shall be deemed to be an Affiliate of such Safeguard Company.
"Agreement" means the Limited Partnership Agreement ofSCP Private Equity Partners II, L.P.,
as originally executed and as amended from time to time hereafter.
PHILI-303151-21"BHCA Limited Partner" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 21.7.
"Bridge Financing" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.11.
"Capital Account" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 9.2.
"Capital Contribution" shall mean any initial capital contribution and any Additional Capital
Contribution as set forth in Section 8.1.
"Carried Interest" means the allocations of Profits made to the General Partner under Section
10.1(e) and clause (y) of Section 10.1(t), less the allocations of Losses made to the General Partner
under clause (y) of Section 10.2(a) il11dSection 1O.2(b).
"Certificate" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.4.
"Code" means the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time.
"Commitment Period" shall mean the period beginning on the date of the Initial Closing and
ending on the six (6) year anniversary date of the Initial Closing.
"Contributions Account" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 9.1.
"Control" shall mean the possession, direct or indirect, of the power to direct or cause the
direction of the management and policies of a Person, whether through the ownership of voting
securities, by contract or otherwise.
"Cumulative Recoupable Shortfall Amount" means, following the dissolution ofthe Partnership,
sixty percent (60%) (representing an adjustment for an assumed federal and state income tax rate of
forty percent (40%) in connection with the distributions originally made to the General Partner in
respect of its Carried Interest (the "Assumed After-Tax Rate")) ofthe lesser of (i) and (ii), where (i)
equals the difference between (x) the sum of(1) the aggregate amount of Capital Contributions to
the Partnership plus (2) the aggregate cumulative Priority Payment on all Portfolio Securities from
the beginning of the Partnership as computed in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and
(y) the aggregate cumulative amount of distributions to the Partners from the beginning of the
Partnership other than amounts distributed to the General Partner in respect of its Carried Interest,
but not less than zero, and where (ii) equals the aggregate amount theretofore distributed to the
General Partner in respect of its Carried Interest; provided that the Assumed After-Tax Rate shall
be periodically adjusted as the General Partner shall in good faith determine to account for future
changes in income tax rates; and, provided, further, that the Cumulative Rccoupable Shortfall
Amount shall take into account the iucome tax benefit actually received by the General Partner
(which the General Partner shall determine in good faith) as a result of the payment of such amount
in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.
"Defaulting Partner" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 8.2.
PHILl.303ISI.21 .2."Delaware Act" shall mean the Delaware Revised Uniform Limited Partnership Act, as amended
from time to time.
"ERISA" means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended.
"ERISA Partner" shall mean any Limited Partner which is(a) an "employee benefit plan" within
the meaning of, and subject to the provisions of, ERISA, (b) the nominee holder of a Limited
Partner's interest in the Partnership, the beneficial owner of which interest is such an employee
benefit plan, or (c) a partnership consisting in whole or in part of such employee benefit plans which
have in the aggregate made capital contributions at least equal to twenty-five percent (25%) ofthe
total capital contributions made to such partnership.
"ERISA Withdrawal Date" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 16.3.
"Excused Partner" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.15.
"Final Closing" means the date, not later than the one year anniversary of the date of the Initial
Closing, on which the investors are last admitted to the Partnership pursuant to Section 7.1.
"Freely Tradeable Security" means any security where (a)the Palinership's entire holding of such
securities can be sold immediately by the Partnership to the general public (including a sale by any
Partner of the entire distributed amount of its holdings following adistribution of such security from
the Partnership even though a sale by the Partnership of such securities, if not so distributed to the
Partners but sold by the Partnership to the general public, might otherwise be restricted by volume
limitations) and such sale can be effected pursuant to Rule 144under the Securities Act ("Rule 144")
or otherwise without the necessity of any United States federal or state registration or consent (other
than any ministerial notice filings of the type required pursuant to Rule 144(h)), and (b) such
securities are traded in a Public Securities Market and market quotations are available for such
securities, including quotations available from market makers or specialists. If only aportion of the
Partnership's holdings of a class of securities satisfies the requirements of the preceding sentence
(because such portion was acquired at a different time or was issued in a different maimer than the
Partnership's other holdings of such class of securities), that portion of such class shall constitute
Freely Tradeable Securities (so that, for example, any Partner can sell the entire distributed amount
of its holdings in such security following a distribution of such security from the Partnership).
"Funded Commitments" means the total amount of Capital Contributions (excluding interest
payments made pursuant to Section 7.1) made by the Partners as reduced by the amount of Capital
Contributions distributed pursuant to Section 11.3(b) or distributed as a return of a Capital
Contribution made to fund a Bridge Financing.
"General Partner" means SCP Private Equity II General Partner, L.P.. a Delaware limited
palinership.
"Indemnitee" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 18.1.
PHIL 1- 303151-21 -3-"Individual Principal" means each of Winston 1. Churchill, James W. Brown, Wayne B.
Weisman and Thomas G. Rebar.
"Initial Closing" means the date on which investors (other than one or more of the Principals)
are first admitted to the Partnership as Limited Partners.
"Investment Committee" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.1.
"Key-Man Triggering Event" means any event or series of events as a result of which (x) any
three of the Individual Principals cease to be members of the LLC or members of the Management
Company, or (y) any two of the Individual Principals cease to be members ofthe LLC and Safeguard
Principal ceases to be a member of the LLC.
"Limited Partners" means those Persons listed in Schedule A as limited partners, together with
any additional or substituted limited partners admitted to the Partnership after the date hereof.
Holders of Nonvoting Limited Partnership Interests, as defined in Section 21.7(b), shall be treated
in the same manner as other Limited Partners for all purposes under this Agreement, except to the
extent provided in Section 21.7(b).
"Limited Partners Advisory Committee" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.1.
"Liquidating Distribution" means any distribution made pursuant to Section 14.2.
"Liquidation Amount" means, at any date with respect to any Portfolio Security or group of
Portfolio Securities, the amount that would be realized upon a sale of such Portfolio Security or
group of Portfolio Securities for their respective fair market value as determined in accordance with
Article XII; provided that the Liquidation Amount for a Realized Investment will be the net amount
realized with respect to such investment less any Profit with respect to such investment that is to be
allocated as of such date.
"LLC" means SCP Private Equity II, LLC, aDelaware limited liability company and the manager
of the General Partner.
"Management Agreement" means the management agreement between the Partnership and
Management Company, as amended from time to time.
"Management Company" means SCP Private Equity Management Company, LLC, a Delaware
limited liability company.
"Management Fee" means the amounts payable by the Partnership to the Management Company
as provided in Section 5.2 of this Agreement and in the Management Agreement.
'\.-,-
"Maximum Subscription Amount" means SixHundred Million Dollars ($600,OOO,OOO),provided
that the Maximum Subscription Amount may be increased by the General Partner at any time and
PHILI-303151-21 -4-from time to time in its sole discretion to any amount up to and including Seven Hundred Fifty
Million Dollars ($750,000,000).
"Media or Common Carrier Company" means any person or entity that directly or indirectly
owns, controls or operates any broadcast radio or television station or network, cable television
system, daily newspaper, multipoint multichannel distribution system, local multichannel
distribution system, open video system, commercial mobile radio service or any other
communications facility operated pursuant to authorization granted by the Federal Communications
Commission ("FCC") or otherwise subject to regulation by the FCC or any other person or entity,
to the extent that such person or entity is subject to FCC rules, regulations or policies under which
(i) the direct or indirect ownership interest by the Partnership in such person or entity may be
attributed to the Partnership or a Limited Partner for purposes of FCC multiple and cross-ownership
rules, cross-interest policies and the alien ownership restrictions set forth inthe Communications Act
of 1934, as amended, and the rules, regulations, policies and published decisions of the FCC
thereunder, all as may be amended or supplemented from time to time (collectively, the
"Communications Act") or (ii) the ownership by the Partnership or a Limited Partner in another
business may be subject to limitation or restriction as a result of such ownership by the Partnership
in such person or entity.
"Money Market Investments" means obligations of the United States government, fully
collateralized direct repurchase agreements secured by obligations ofthe United States government,
certificates of deposit, time deposits, bankers acceptances or similar banking arrangements issued
by any bank located in the United States (including branches offoreign banks) having a capital and
undivided surplus of at least Five Hundred Million Dollars ($500,000,000), repurchase agreements
entered into with such a bank or a broker or dealer which is a member of the Securities Investors
Protection Corporation, overnight funds and commercial paper rated at the time of such investment
in one of the two highest rating categories by Standard & Poor's Corporation or Moody's Investors,
Inc.
"New General Partner" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.14.
"Non-Voting Limited Partnership Interests" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 21.7.
"Operating Expenses" means all fees, costs and expenses of the Partnership (including without
limitation, Management Fees, Organizational Expenses and any expenditures of the Partnership
described in Section 702(a)(2)(B) of the Code), other than those fees, costs and expenses directly
attributable to the acquisition or disposition of a Portfolio Security.
"Organizational Expenses" shall mean any fees, costs or expenses incurred by the Partnership
to the extent attributable to the organization of the Partnership or the offer or sale of interests in the
Partnership to the Limited Partners, other than Placement Fees.
"Parallel Fund" shall mean a limited partnership or other entity having the same investment
strategy as the Partnership organized by the General Partner (or at the General Partner's direction)
PI-lILl-303151-21 -5-to meet the specific organizational requirements of any Person who, but for such requirements,
would be aLimited Partner of the Partnership, but only ifthe acquisition of interests in such Parallel
Fund occurs on or prior to the Final Closing. In the event that any Parallel Fund is formed, the
benefits and burdens of the Partnership hereunder (including, but not limited to, investment
opportunities and investment and indemnification expenses) shall be divided and allocated to the
extent possible, between the Partnership, on the one hand, and such Parallel Fund, on the other hand,
in proportion to the relative aggregate capital commitments of the Partners of the Partnership and
the partners of the Parallel Fund.
"Partners" means the General Partner and the Limited Partners.
"Partnership" means SCI' Private Equity Partners II, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership.
"PERISA Partner" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 16.7.
"Person" means any individual, general partnership, limited partnership, corporation, Jomt
venture, trust, business trust, limited liability company, cooperative, association, benefit plan or
governmental, quasi-governmental or non-governmental entity or instrumentality and the heirs,
executors, administrators, legal representatives, successors and assigns of any ofthe foregoing where
the context so admits.
"Placement Fees" means all fees, if any, paid to a placement agent in connection with the offer
and sale of interests in the Partnership to the Limited Partners.
"Plan Asset Regulations" shall mean the regulations concerning the definition or "Plan Assets"
under ERISA adopted by the United States Department of Labor and codified in 29 C.F.R. 92510.3-
101.
"Portfolio Company" means any entity in which the Partnership has made an investment in
furtherance of its purpose as set forth in Section 2.3 (other than a temporary investment of the
Partnership's funds pending the use of those funds in furtherance of that purpose) or a successor in
interest to such entity.
"Portfolio Security" means any Security issued by a Portfolio Company.
"Prime Rate" means the interest rate announced from time to time by Citicorp, N.A. as its prime
lending rate (regardless of how such rate is specifically described).
"Principal" means each Individual Principal, thc Safeguard Principal (including, the executive
officers and directors thereof) and each member of the Investment Committee.
"Priority Payment" means the amount necessary to produce a cumulative annual return of eight
percent (8%) on unreturned Capital Contributions calculated on the basis of the amount of such
Capital Contributions that are (a) utilized to acquire a Portfolio Security or group of Portfolio
PH1Ll- 303]51-21 -6-Securities, (b) utilized to provide Bridge Financing to a Portfolio Company, (c) otherwise held in
Money Market Investments, or (d) otherwise utilized by the Partnership. The Priority Payment shall
begin to accrue on the date such Capital Contribution is made to the Partnership and shall stop
accruing on the date of and to the extent that the applicable Capital Contributions with respect to
such Portfolio Security or group of Portfolio Securities, Bridge Financing or Money Market
Investment have been returned to the Partners. For purposes of determining the Priority Payment,
Capital Contributions used for Operating Expenses of the Partnership shall be treated as part of the
Portfolio Securities purchased by the Partnership on orbefore the date on which the Priority Payment
is next determined following the date such Capital Contributions were made. Such Capital
Contributions in respect of the payment of Operating Expenses shall be deemed to have been so
invested on the date they were made to the Partnership and shall be prorated among the Partnership's
Portfolio Securities in accordance with Section 10.10;provided, however, that Operating Expenses
incurred prior to the first acquisition of a Portfolio Security by the Partnership shall begin to accrue
the Priority Payment on the date the Capital Contribution used to pay such Operating Expenses is
made to the Partnership and shall thereafter be included in the Portfolio Security to which such
Operating Expenses have been allocated pursuant to Section 10.10.
"Pro Rata to the Partners" means to the Partners in proportion to their Contributions Account.
"Profits" and "Losses" means, for a fiscal year or other period, an amount equal to the
Partnership's taxable income or loss for such year or period, determined in accordance with Section
703(a) of the Code (including in such determination all items of income, gain, loss or deduction
required to be stated separately pursuant to Section 703(a)(I) of the Code) with the following
adjustments:
(i) any income of the Partnership that is exempt from federal income tax and not
otherwise taken into account in computing Profits or Losses will be added to such taxable income
or loss;
(ii) any expenditures of the Partnership described in Section 705(a)(2)(B) of the
Code or so treated under applicable regulations will be subtracted from such taxable income or loss;
(iii) the items specially allocated pursuant to this Agreement will not be taken into
account in computing Profits or Losses; and
(iv) the Profits and Losses determined pursuant to Section 9.3 with respect to
assets distributed in kind shall be added to or subtracted from taxable income or loss.
"Publicly Traded Security" means a Security which istraded on a recognized national securities
exchange in the United States of America or which is listed or admitted to trading in the Nasdaq
National Market (including the Supplemental List thereof).
"Public Securities Market" means any United States national or regional securities exchange,
including but not limited to the New York Stock Exchange, the American Stock Exchange, and
PHILI.303151.21 .7.regional United States exchanges, the Toronto Stock Exchange, the Vancouver Stock Exchange, the
Montreal Stock Exchange, the International Stock Exchange of the United Kingdom and the
Republic ofIreland, Ltd. and any recognized United States national or regional automated quotation
system, listing service or other form of securities exchange or trading forum, including but not
limited to the automated quotation system and listing services maintained by the United States
National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc.; and the phrase "traded in a Public Securities
Market" means publicly traded on or through any such exchange, system, listing service or forum.
"Oualified Appraiser" means a qualified, independent and nationally prominent appraisal firm
or investment bank experienced in valuing portfolios ofequity interests in privately-held companies.
"Realized Investment" means, at any date, any Portfolio Security of the Partnership with respect
to which the Partnership has theretofore realized income, gain or loss other than dividends,
distributions or interest payments on any Portfolio Security.
"Regulatory Allocations" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 10.5.
"Reserve Account" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 11.7.
"Safeguard" means Safeguard Scientifics, Inc., a Pennsylvania corporation of which Safeguard
Principal is a wholly-owned subsidiary.
"Safeguard Company" means any of Safeguard, its wholly-owned subsidiaries, and any other
Person in which Safeguard (together with its senior management and/or any of its wholly-owned
subsidiaries) holds one hundred percent (100%) of the equity interest.
"Safeguard Principal" means Safeguard Fund Management, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of
Safeguard, or any successors or assigns.
"SCP I" means SCP Private Equity Partners, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership.
"Securities" or "Security" shall mean and include common and preferred stock (including
warrants, rights, pnt and call options and other options relating thereto or any combination thereof),
partnership interests, interests in limited liability companies, notes, bonds, debentnres, trust receipts
and other obligations, instruments or evidences of indebtedness, choses in action and interests in
personal property of all kinds, tangible or intangible (inclnding cash and bank deposits).
"Secnrities Act" means the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended from time to time.
"Shortfall Amount" means, at any date with respect to any Portfolio Security or group of
Portfolio Securities, an amount equal to (but not less than zero) the difference between (x) and (y),
where (x) equals the sum of (i) the cumulative Priority Payment with respect to such Portfolio
Security or group of Portfolio Securities for the current and all prior fiscal years and (ii) the cost
(including Operating Expenses allocated to such Portfolio Security or group of Portfolio Securities
PH[I.,I-303151-21 -8-in accordance with Section 10.10) of such Portfolio Security or group of Portfolio Securities and
where (y) equals the Liquidation Amount with respect to such Portfolio Security or group of
Portfolio Securities.
"Special Income" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.6(b) hereof.
"Subscription" means, with respect to any Partner, the total amount that such Partner has agreed
to contribute to the Partnership as reflected, with respect to any Partner in Schedule A opposite such
Partner's name under the column headed "Total Subscription;" provided that any amount paid as
interest in accordance with Section 7.1 shall not be included within the amount of Subscriptions.
"Successor Entity" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.8.
"Tax Distribution" means any distribution made by the Partnership pursuant to Section 11.1.
"Tax Matters Partner" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 21.12.
"Transfer" means any transfer, sale, assignment, gift, pledge, hypothecation or other disposition
or encumbrance of an interest in the Partnership.
"Treasury Regulations" mean the Procedure and Administration Regulations promulgated by the
United States Department of the Treasury under the Code, as amended.
"Unfunded Subscriptions" means the amount of Subscriptions that have not been paid in as
Capital Contributions;providedthat Subscriptions that have been paid in to fund aBridge Financing
and have been subsequently returned to the Partners shall not be treated as having been paid in for
this purpose;providedfurther that, where the Partnership has guaranteed indebtedness of aPortfolio
Company, the amount of such guaranty shall reduce the Unfunded Subscriptions for as long as such
guaranty remains in effect; and providedfurther that the amount of any Capital Contribution which
is returned to the Partners pursuant to a distribution pursuant to (i) Article XI, relating to the
disposition of a Portfolio Security occurring within one year after the date ofthe original investment
by the Partnership in such Portfolio Security, or (ii) Section 7.1(b) hereof, shall not be treated as
having been paid in for this purpose.
"Unrealized Investment" means, at any date, a P0l1folio Security of the Partnership that is not
a Realized Investment.
ARTICLEll. ORGANIZATION
SECTION 2.1 Formation of Limited Pm1nership. The Pm1ners agree to form and carryon the
Partnership subject to the terms of this Agreement pursuant to and in accordance with the Delaware
Act. On or prior to the date of the Initial Closin.g, the General Partner shall have executed or caused
to be executed all such certificates or other documents and shall have taken or cause to be taken all
PHILl-303151-21 -9-such other action as may be necessary or appropriate to comply with the requirements for the
operation of a limited partnership under the Delaware Act.
SECTION 2.2 Firm Name; Registered and Principal Office. The name of the Partnership is
"SCP Private Equity Pminers II, L.P." The initial address of the Partnership's registered office in
Delaware is Corporation Trust Center, 1209 Orange Street, Wilmington, Delaware, County of New
Castle, and its initial registered agent at such address for service of process is The Corporation Trust
Company. The principal office of the Partnership shall be located at such place as the General
Partner determines. The General Partner may change the locations of the registered office and
principal office of the Partnership to such locations as the General Partner may determine at any
time, upon written notice to all the Partners indicating the locations of such registered office and
principal office. The General Partner may cause the Partnership to open such additional offices at
such other locations as the General Partner in its sole discretion may determine.
SECTION 2.3 Purpose. The purpose of the Partnership is to generate significant returns for its
Partners, through long-term capital appreciation, by locating, identifYing, analyzing and investing
in equity and equity-related securities (which may include, without limitation, debt securities issued
by a Portfolio Company, provided that, except with respect to Bridge Financing, such securities are
convertible into or exchangeable for equity; the Partnership has acquired or agreed to acquire equity
securities or securities convertible into or exchangeable for equity securities issued by such Portfolio
Company; or the General Partner reasonably anticipates that such securities may be exchanged on
a negotiated basis for equity in such Portfolio Company); and, in furtherance thereof, the Partnership
can hold, sell, distribute or otherwise dispose of its Portfolio Securities in accordance with this
Agreement over such period of time as the General Partner determines to be in the best interest of
the Partnership and otherwise engage in any lawful activity for which limited partnerships may be
organized under the Delaware Act in furtherance of the foregoing objectives.
SECTION 2.4 Powers. Subject to all of the terms mldprovisions hereof and consistent with the
investment objectives stated herein, the Partnership shall have the following powers:
(l) to purchase, invest in and sell securities and interests in securities of every
kind, nature and description, including, without limitation, capital stock, hybrid securities,
partnership interests, bonds, royalty financings, notes, debentures, trust receipts, and other
obligations, as well as rights, warrants, options or other interests to purchase securities;
(2) to make and perform all contracts and engage in all activities and transactions
necessary or advisable to carry out the purpose of the Partnership, including, without limitation,
the purchase, sale, transfer, pledge and exercise of all rights, privileges and incidents of
ownership or possession with respect to any Partnership asset or liability; the securing of
payment of any Partnership obligation by hypothecation or pledge of Partnership assets; and the
incurrence of debt and the guaranty of or becoming surety for the debts of others; and
(3) otherwise to have all the powers available to it as a limited partnership under
the Delaware Act.
Pl-IILI.303151.21 -10-ARTICLE III. GENERAL PARTNER
SECTION 3.1 Name, Address and Subscription. The name, address and Subscription of the
General Partner, and its initial contribution to the capital of the Partnership, are set forth in
Schedule A.
SECTION 3.2 Management and Control of the Partnership. Except as otherwise specifically
provided in Article VI or elsewhere herein, the management, policies and control of the Partnership
shall be vested exclusively in the General Partner; provided, that the General Partner is authorized
(i) to enter into a management agreement on behalf of the Partnership (the "Management
Agreement") with the Management Company delegating its authority and limiting the authority so
delegated as specified in the Management Agreement and specifying that such authority shall be
exercised in conformity with the terms and conditions of such agreement and this Agreement and
(ii) engage the LLC to serve as its manager. The Management Agreement shall be binding upon the
Partnership in accordance with its terms, shall not amend or modifY the obligations of the General
Partner hereunder nor be inconsistent with the terms of this Agreement. All decisions with respect
to the acquisition of investments inPortfolio Companies shall require the unanimous approval of the
Investment Committee. The Limited Partners may, to the extent expressly provided in this
Agreement, possess or exercise any of the powers, or have or act in any of the capacities permitted
under Section l7-303(b) of the Delaware Act for limited partners who are deemed thereby not to
participate in the control of the affairs of a limited partnership.
SECTION 3.3 Powers. Subject to the provisions of this Agreement and consistent with the
investment purposes stated herein, the General Partner shall, directly or through the Management
Company, have the power on behalf and in the name of the Partnership to carry out and implement
any and all of the purposes of the Partnership set forth in Section 2.3 and to exercise any of the
powers of the Partnership set forth in Section 2.4 including, without limitation, the power to:
(I) open, maintain and close accounts with brokers and give instructions or
directions in connection therewith;
(2) open, maintain and close bank accounts and draw checks or other orders for
the payment of money;
(3) receive, receipt for, dispose of and manage all securities, checks, money and
other property, assets or liabilities of the Partnership;
(4) hire and fire employees, investment bankers, attorneys, accountants,
consultants, custodians, contractors and other agents, and pay them compensation;
(5) enter into, make and perform such contracts, agreements and other
undertakings, and do any and all such other acts required of the Partnership with respect to its
interest in any Person or activity, including but not limited to, entering into agreements with
PHILI-303151-21 -11-respect to such interests, which agreements may contain such terms, conditions and provisions
as the General Partner in its sole discretion shall approve;
(6) make all elections for the Partnership that are permitted under tax or other
applicable laws, including an election under Section 754 of the Code; and
(7) maintain one or more offices and in connection therewith rent or acquire
office space and do such other acts as may be advisable in connection with the maintenance of
such offices.
SECTION 3.4 Certificate of Limited Partnership. The General Partner shall file for public
record with the appropriate public authorities, and, if required, publish the Certificate of Limited
Partnership ofthe Partnership (the "Certificate") and any amendments thereto and take all such other
action as may be required to preserve the limited liability ofthe Limited Partners in any jurisdiction
in which the Partnership shall conduct operations.
SECTION 3.5 Authority and Duty. The General Partner shall, directly or through the
Management Company or LLC, manage and control the operations of the Partnership including,
without limitation, advising the Partnership inconnection with the Partnership's investment activities
in Portfolio Companies, providing general and administrative services to the Partnership, including
without limitation the preparation and maintenance of the books and records of the Partnership,
communicating with Limited Partners (including the furnishing of periodic financial reports),
facilitating transfers of interests in the Partnership (subject in all cases to the applicable terms of this
Agreement), and making disbursements of fees and expenses on behalf of the Partnership where
required. In addition, the General Partner, shall, directly or through the Management Company or
LLC, arrange for and coordinate, at the Partnership's expense (except as otherwise set forth herein),
the services of other professionals and experts, including, without limitation, attorneys, accountants,
financial advisers, appraisers, investment bankers, consultants and other agents deemed appropriate
by the General Partner.
SECTION 3.6 Salaries; Special Income.
(a) For so long as the Management Fee is being paid to the Management
Company, none of the General Paltner, the Management Company and the Principals shall receive
any salaries, fees or other compensation from the Partnership except as specifically permitted herein
or to the extent that future Management Fees are reduced on account of such receipts. Any
compensation payable to the Principals pursuant to this Section 3.6(a) shall not be considered a
distribution of profits or a return of capital to any Principal for any purpose under this Agreement,
but shall constitute a Partnership expense.
(b) The Management Company, any Principal or their Affiliates may realize
certain income in connection with the Partnership's investment activity, including board of director's
fees, investment banking fees, supervisory fees, stock options, restricted stock (and similar
securities) and other forms of non-cash compensation received for services provided, other advisory,
PHILl-303151-21 -12-break-up, topping and other similar fees ("Special Income"). The Partnership shall credit fifty
percent (50%) of Special Income (net ofexpenses) against the Management Fee (but not below zero)
otherwise payable by the Partnership pursuant to the Management Agreement in the fiscal period
succeeding the realization of such Special Income in connection with the Partnership's activities;
provided that, if fifty percent (50%) of Special Income (net of expenses) determined on an annual
basis as of the end of the Partnership's fiscal year exceeds the annual Management Fee otherwise
payable during such fiscal year, the excess shall be carried forward and shall reduce the Management
Fee payable in the next fiscal year or years, until such fees are fully offset.
SECTION 3.7 Co-Investment with Parallel Funds or Limited Partners.
(a) The General Partner (or an Affiliate thereof) shall also serve as a general
partner of (or in a similar capacity for) any Parallel Funds. The Partnership and any Parallel Funds
will conduct their investment activities in parallel (other than those activities involving the use of
idle funds pending investment). To implement this policy, the General Partner will:
(I) apportion available investment opportunities between the Partnership
and any Parallel Funds in proportion to the relative amounts of capital committed to each such
entity;
(2) cause the Partnership and any Parallel Funds to sell or otherwise
dispose of each such investment at substantially the same time and on substantially the same
terms in amounts proportionate to the relative size of the investments made by the Partnership
and any Parallel Funds in the securities of that Portfolio Company; and
(3) cause the Partnership or any Parallel Funds, as applicable, to sell or
buy from each other securities of Portfolio Companies at cost, so as to maintain to the extent
feasible the relationship between the capital committed to each entity and the holdings of each
entity in the securities of each Portfolio Company if the relative amounts of capital committed
to the Partnership and any Parallel Funds, respectively, should change between the date of the
Initial Closing and the Final Closing.
(b) The General Partner may, in its sole discretion and without any obligation,
offer to the Limited Partners, pro rata based upon their respective Contributions Accounts, the right
to co-invest with the Partnership or make follow-on investments in Portfolio Companies on such
terms as the General Partner may determine in its sole discretion.
(c) The Partnership shall bear its propOliionate share, based on the relative
amount it invests, of all expenses incurred in connection with each investment made in parallel with
any Parallel Funds, but shall not bear any expenses incurred solely for the benefit of any Parallel
Funds.
PHILl-303151-21 -13-SECTION 3.8 Other Activities.
(a) Until the date (the "Trigger Date") which isthe earlier of (i) the date on which
the Partnership is seventy-five percent (75%) invested (as set forth in subsection (b) hereof) or (ii)
the last day of the Commitment Period, the Individual Principals shall devote, subject to Section
3.8(d), a substantial portion of their collective business time to the activities of the Partnership.
Thereafter, the Individual Principals shall devote such business time to the activities of the
Partnership as the Individual Principals shall, in their good faith judgment, deem necessary to
perform their duties to the Partnership.
(b) It isspecifically understood and agreed that, subject to Section 3.8(d), without
the prior written consent of a majority in interest of the unaffiliated Limited Partners of the
Partnership and the unaffiliated limited partners of any Parallel Fund, voting together as a single
class, no Individual Principal shall directly or indirectly organize or participate (other than as an
investor with no functional management control or material ongoing management responsibilities)
in a fund formed to pursue an investment strategy similar to that of the Partnership (a "Successor
Entity") during the Commitment Period before the Partnership is seventy-five percent (75%)
invested. For purposes of this Section 3.8, (I) the Partnership shall be deemed to be seventy-five
percent (75%) invested when at least seventy-five percent (75%) of its aggregate Subscriptions has
been invested, expended, allocated to accrued expenses or committed to future investments
(including without limitation amounts which the Partnership is obligated to invest pursuant to
binding agreements, whether or not all conditions to closing have then been satisfied);providedthat,
where there is no binding agreement, there have been good faith negotiations between the parties
with respect to such future investments; provided fur/her that, up to ten percent (10%) of the
seventy-five percent (75%) will be deemed to be invested if evidenced by a letter of intent or similar
agreement, and (2) a fund shall be deemed to be formed to pursue an investment strategy similar to
that of the Partnership if its purpose is similar to the purpose of the Partnership set forth in Section
2.3 and such fund is subject to limitations on investments substantially similar to those set forth in
Section 3.I I. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Successor Entity shall not include any Parallel Fund.
(c) Neither the Partnership nor any Partner shall by virtue ofthis Agreement have
any right, title or interest in or to any Successor Entity.
(d) Subject to the provisions of Section 3.8(a), each Individual Principal, the
Safeguard Principal and its designee and Safeguard may, directly or indirectly, engage in any
activities with respect to SCP I and any related parallel or successor funds as any such Person deems
necessary in their respective sole discretion.
SECTION 3.9 Avoidance of Conflicts of Interest. The Pminership shall comply with the
following policies to deal with potential conflicts of interest. Notwithstanding the Partnership's
compliance with the policies set forth below, the Partnership may in no event make an investment
that is inconsistent with its purpose as set forth in Section 2.3 or the investment limitations set forth
in Section 3.11, and any mechanism set forth in this Section 3.9 that allows the Partnership to make
investments is, in all cases, subject to such limitations.
PI-IILI-303151-21 -14-(a) Except as otherwise provided in this Section 3.9, the Partnership may
participate, at the same time, with SCP I and any related parallel or successor funds and/or a
Safeguard Company or any of its Affiliates in any new investmcnt opportunities. Without the prior
approval of the Limited Partners Advisory Committee in accordance with Section 6.4, the
Partnership shall not acquire any securities issued by a Safeguard Company.
(b) Without the prior approval of the Limited Partners Advisory Committee in
accordance with Section 6.4, the Partnership shall not invest directly or indirectly in the securities
of any Person in which (I) the General Partner or its Affiliates, (2) a Principal or the Principal's
Affiliates, or (3) a Safeguard Company has an ownership interest valued in excess of five hundred
thousand dollars ($500,000).
(c) The General Partner, the LLC, any Principal or their officers, directors,
members or managers, intheir individual capacities, shall not enter into any transaction which would
violate in any material respect their obligations to the Partnership as described in this Agreement or
which would frustrate the ability of the Partnership to carryon its intended activities.
(d) Except for investments which are allowable pursuant to Sections 3.9(a) and
(b) above, without the prior approval of the Limited Partners Advisory Committee in accordance
with Section 6.4, the Partnership shall not engage in any investment or other financial transaction
with any Partner, Principal, any Safeguard Company or any oftheir respective Affiliates, other than
transactions relating to the provision of services to the Partnership or to any Portfolio Company
entered into in the ordinary course of the Partnership's or Portfolio Company's activities on terms no
less favorable to the Partnership or Portfolio Company than are generally afforded to unrelated third
parties in comparable transactions, provided that any such transaction has been disclosed to the
Limited Partners Advisory Committee.
(e) Without the prior approval of the Limited Partners Advisory Committee in
accordance with Section 6.4, the General Partner and the Principals may invest for their own
accounts in the securities of any existing Portfolio Company only (i) on the same terms and
conditions as the Partnership's investment, (ii) contemporaneously with an investment by the
Partnership in the securities of such Portfolio Company, and (iii) if the Limited Partners have first
been offered the right to co-invest in such Portfolio Company. In addition to complying with (i), (ii)
and (iii) above, the maximum amount the General Partner and Principals may invest in any existing
Portfolio Company without such approval shall be limited to two percent (2%) of the total amount
invested by the Partnership in such Portfolio Company. Investments pursuant to this Section 3.9(e)
by the Principals made with or without the prior approval of the Limited Partners Advisory
Committee can only be disposed of at the same time and on the Silllleterms and conditions as those
imposed on the Partnership. The restrictions set forth in this Section 3.9(e) shall not apply to
purchases of securities traded in a Public Securities Market.
(f) Without the prior approval of the Limited Partners Advisory Committee in
accordance with Section 6.4, any Principal wishing to take advantage, in such Person's individual
capacity, of an opportunity to acquire securities of aprivately held company ofthe type in which the
PH[Ll-303151~21 -15-Partnership may invest shall not acquire such securities without first offering that investment
opportunity to the Partnership; provided that this Section 3.9(f) shall not apply to any proposed
investment if the total cost of all securities issued by each such privately held company to such
Principal and his or its Affiliates is less than Three Hundred Seventy-Five Thousand Dollars
($375,000) in the aggregate.
(g) If any investment opportunity is offered to the Partnership under Section
3.9(f), the Partnership and any Parallel Funds shall be permitted to acquire such percentage of the
securities offered to the Partnership as the General Partner, in the good faith exercise of its
reasonable judgment, determines to be appropriate for the Partnership and any Parallel Funds before
any Principal may acquire any of the secnrities offered to the Partnership.
(h) Each Partner agrees that, subject to the applicable prOVISIOnsof this
Agreement, inclnding without limitation the other applicable paragraphs of this Section 3.9, any
Partner, Principal, member of any committee or panel and their respective partners, officers,
directors, employees and Affiliates may invest, participate, or engage in (for their own accounts or
for the accounts of others), or may possess an interest in, other financial ventures and investment and
professional activities of every kind and description, independently or with others, including but not
limited to management of other securities partnerships or investment vehicles; investment in,
financing, acquisition ordisposition of securities; investment and management counseling; providing
brokerage, investment banking and administrative services; or serving as officers, directors,
consultants, advisers or agents of other companies, partners of any partnership, or trustees of any
trust (and may receive fees, commissions, remuneration orreimbursement of expenses in connection
with these activities) whether or not such activities may conflict with any interest of the Partnership
or any of the Partners; provided that, as to the Principals and their Affiliates, such activities may not
conflict with any interest of the Partnership or any of the Partners other than as may be provided in
this Agreement. The parties hereto expressly agree that neither the Partnership nor any Partner shall
have any rights in or to activities permitted by this Section 3.9(h) or to any fees, income, profits or
goodwill derived therefrom.
SECTION 3.10 Duty of Care. It isrecognized that decisions concerning investments or potential
investments involve the exercise of judgment and the risk of loss. The General Partner, the LLC,
the Management Company, the members of the Investment Committee, the Principals who are
involved in making investment decisions on behalf ofthe Partnership or who have other obligations
hereunder shall exercise their best judgment in making such investments and in carrying out such
other obligations, and, except as provided for in this Section 3.10, the General Partner, the LLC, the
Management Company, the members of the Investment Committee, the Principals, their partners,
officers, directors, members, managers, employees, agents, independent contractors, agents,
consultants and Affiliates shall not incur any liability to the Partnership or to the Limited Partners
for making such investments on behalf of the Partnership or canying out such obligations. In
addition, the General Partner, the LLC, the Management Company, the members of the Investment
Committee, the Principals, their partners, officers, directors, members, managers, employees,
independent contractors, agents, consultants and Affiliates shall be entitled to indemnification bythe
Partnership to the extent provided in Article XVIII hei-eor The General Partner, the LLC, the
PHI L 1- 303151-21 -16-Management Company, the members of the Investment Committee, the Principals, their partners,
officers, directors, members, managers, employees, independent contractors, agents, consultants and
Affiliates shall not be liable to the Partnership or any other Partner for any loss suffered by the
Partnership or any Partner which arises out of any investment or any other action or omission of the
General Partner, the LLC, the Management Company, the members of the Investment Committee,
the Principals, their partners, officers, directors, members, managers, employees, independent
contractors, agents, consultants or Affiliates, provided that such action or omission did not (A)
constitute actual fraud, negligence that would have amaterial adverse effect on the operations of the
Partnership or willful misconduct or (B) result in any criminal conviction of, or plea of nolo
contendere to, a felony or fraud based violation of federal or state securities laws or (C) result in a
consent to a fraud based injunction or order by the Securities and Exchange Commission or other
regulatory body prohibiting future securities laws violations (with or without admission ofliability).
The General Partner, the LLC, the Management Company, the members of the Investment
Committee, the Principals, their partners, officers, directors, members, managers, employees or
Affiliates shall not be liable for the negligence, whether of omission or commission, dishonesty or
bad faith of any broker or other agent of the Partnership, provided that such broker or other agent of
the Partnership was selected with reasonable care. The General Partner, the LLC, the Management
Company, the members of the Investment Committee, the Principals, their partners, officers,
directors, members, managers, employees, independent contractors, agents, consultants and Affiliates
shall be fully protected and justified with respect to any action or omission taken or suffered by any
of them in good faith if such action or omission is taken or suffered in reasonable reliance upon and
in accordance with the opinion or advice as to matters of law of legal counsel, or as to matters of
accounting of accountants, selected by any of them with reasonable care. Nothing contained in this
Section 3.10 shall be construed to limit the General Partner's fiduciary duty owing to the Partners.
In determining whether a Person is negligent for purposes of this Section 3.10, the standard shall
be whether such Person failed to exercise the care, skill, prudence ruld diligence under the
circumstances then prevailing that a person acting in a like capacity and familiar with such matters
would use in the conduct of a private equity investment fund with similar purposes.
SECTION 3.11 Investment Limitations.
(a) Without the prior approval of the Limited Partners Advisory Committee, the
Partnership shall not (i) invest (by cost and including follow-on investments) more than ten percent
(10%) ofthe aggregate Subscriptions of all Partners and subscriptions of all partners of any Parallel
Funds, in (A) the securities of any single Portfolio Company (including, for this purpose, the
outstanding ballli1ce of any indebtedness of such Portfolio Company that the Partnership has
guaranteed) (provided, however, that the restrictions set forth in this clause (i)(A) shall not apply to
any Bridge Financing) or (B) non-United States companies; or (ii) invest in companies primarily
involved in the production or exploration of natural resources; or (iii) invest more than twenty
percent (20%) of the aggregate Subscriptions of all Partners and subscriptions of all partners of any
Parallel Funds, in the securities of companies that are traded in a Public Securities Market where
such investment isthe Partnership's initial investment in such company and such securities are Freely
Tradeable Securities immediately upon issuance or transfer to the Partnership or (iv) purchase
securities in open-market transactions on a Public Securities Market (provided, however, that the
PHIL1-303151~21 -17-restrictions set forth in this clause (iv) shall not apply to hedging transactions involving "restricted
securities" (as defined in Rule 144 of the Securities Act) held by the Partnership in Portfolio
Companies where such transactions are permitted under Section 16of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended, or to otherwise facilitate the hedging or liquidation of investments in existing
securities or to further the objectives of the Partnership by making open market purchases of
securities in companies in which the Partnership already has an investment) or (v) invest in "fund
of funds" investments that require the payment of a carried interest, or (vi) invest or make legally
binding commitments to invest more than one third (1/3) of the aggregate Subscriptions of all
Partners and subscriptions of all partners of any Parallel Funds in any single calendar year.
(b) Without the prior approval of the Limited Partners Advisory Committee, the
Partnership shall not provide interim financing ("Bridge Financing") to an existing Portfolio
Company unless (A) the stated maturity of such Bridge Financing is one year or less (subject to a
maturity date beyond one year with the consent of the Limited Partners Advisory Committee) and
(B) the aggregate amount of the Bridge Financing then outstanding with respect to such Portfolio
Company does not exceed the lesser of (i) twenty percent (20%) of the aggregate Subscriptions
(including the amount of other investments by the Partnership in such Portfolio Company) or (ii) the
aggregate amount of Unfunded Subscriptions at the time of the applicable Bridge Financing.
(c) The Partnership shall not participate in (i) invcstments actively opposed by
the board of directors of a potential Portfolio Company that is traded in a Public Securities Market;
(ii) investments in companies undergoing bankruptcy liquidations; (iii) investments in real estate;
or (iv) investments in pure research projects without an identifiable business opportunity.
(d) The Partnership shallnotincur indebtedness except where either (A) (i) such
indebtedness has a maturity of less than thirty (30) days, (ii) such borrowing will facilitate an
investment in a Portfolio Company pending receipt of Additional Capital Contributions from the
Partners, and (iii) the amount of such borrowing is equal to the lesser of (x) ten percent (10%) of
aggregate Subscriptions of all Partners or (y) the aggregate amount of Unfunded Subscriptions of
all Partners or (B) such indebtedness is incurred to facilitate aBridge Financing,provided, however,
that, with respect to either clause (A) or clause (B), no such indebtedness shall be incurred that is
inconsistent with Section 3.12.
SECTION 3.12 Unrelated Business Taxable Income. The General Partner shall use its
reasonable efforts to cause the Partnership to conduct its affairs in a manner that does not cause any
Limited Partner or partner of any Limited Partner exempt from income taxation pursuant to Section
501 of the Code to have any "unrelated business taxable income" (as that term is defined in Section
512 of the Code).
SECTION 3.13 ERISA Matters. The General Partner shall use its best efforts to cause the
Partnership to conduct its activities so that (a) the Partnership will qualify at all times as a "venture
capital operating company" as defined in the Plan Asset Regulations. and (b) the assets of the
Partnership therefore do not constitute plan assets subject to the fiduciary standards of Part 4 of Title
I of ERISA. This Section 3.13 shall not have, or shall cease to have any force or effect if the
PHILl.303151.2! .18.participation of benefit plan investors in the Partnership is not significant within the meaning ofthe
Plan Asset Regulations, or if such Regulations are no longer in effect. In the event that the General
Partner were to be deemed a "fiduciary" of any ERISA Partner under Section 3(21) of ERISA in a
manner which would make Section 406 of ERISA and Section 4975 of the Code applicable to the
General Partner, then, in addition to whatever action itmay take or be required to take because it was
such a fiduciary, the General Partner will use its best efforts to avoid the occurrence of any
prohibited transaction within the meaning of Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code.
SECTION 3.14 Removal and Replacement of General Partner.
(a) Limited Partners and limited partners of any Parallel Fund constituting in the
aggregate at least eighty percent (80%) in interest of the aggregate of the Limited Partners and
limited partners of any Parallel Fund, voting together as a single class, may remove the General
Partner at any time and replace such Person with another general partner (the "New General Partner")
for both the Partnership and any Parallel Fund as of the date they deliver written notice of such
removal and replacement to such General Partner. Limited Partners which are Affiliates of the
General Partner shall not be entitled to vote on the removal of the General Partner and selection of
the New General Partner. In the event ofthe removal of the General Partner pursuant to this Section
3.14: (I) the value of the Partnership's assets and the amount of its liabilities at their present values
shall be determined as of the date of such removal pursuant to Section 3.14(b); (2) the Capital
Account balance of the removed General Partner shall be determined as if all assets of the
Partnership had been sold at their appraised values as so determined and all Partnership liabilities
satisfied by cash payments of the present values of such liabilities; (3) as promptly as reasonably
practicable, the removed General Partner shall receive distributions in complete liquidation of its
interest in the Partnership in aggregate amounts equal to the balance in its Capital Account as so
determined; (4) liquidating distributions to the removed General Partner shall consist of the removed
General Partner's pro rata share, based on its Capital Account balance relative to the Capital Account
balances of the other Partners (after all such Capital Accounts have been adjusted in the manner
described in the preceding clause (2, ofthe Partnership's cash and cash equivalents and each of its
holdings of securities and other assets, to the extent feasible; and (5) after its removal, the removed
General Partner shall have no right to participate in the management of the Partnership or any other
rights with respect to the Partnership except the right to receive the distributions provided for in this
Section 3.l4(a) and the right to be indemnified to the extent provided in Article XVIII. Any
distributions that the General Partner has the right to receive pursuant to this Section 3.l4(a) shall
be reduced by the amount of any damages owed by the General Partncr to the Partnership, provided
the amount of and liability for such damages have been finally adjudicated by settlement or
otherwise.
(b) In the event that an appraisal is undertaken pursuant to Section 3.14(a), the
New General Partner shall choose a Qualified Appraiser and the removed General Partner shall
choose a second Qualified Appraiser. Each such Qualified Appraiser shall appraise each of the
Partnership's assets and determine the amour.t of each of its liabilities at their respective present
values to arrive at the net asset value of the Partnership. Each such appraisal shall be completed
within one hundred eighty (180) days after the effective date ofthe removal of the removed General
PHILl-303151-2! -19-Partner. If the net asset values determined by each such Qualified Appraiser do not differ by more
than One Million Dollars ($1,000,000), the arithmetic mean ofthe two appraisals ofthe Partnership's
assets and liabilities shall be used for purposes of Section 3.I4(a)(2). If the net asset values as so
determined differ by more than One Million Dollars ($I,000,000), either the New General Partner
or the removed General Partner may cause the two Qualified Appraisers to selecta third Qualified
Appraiser, which shall make a third appraisal of the Partnership's assets and liabilities within two
hundred forty (240) days after the effective date of the removal ofthe removed General Partner, and
the arithmetic mean of the two appraisals that are closest to each other, or the middle appraisal if it
is equidistant from the other two (but not more than the higher or less than the lower of the first two
appraisals) shall be used for purposes of Section 3.14(a)(2). The Partnership shall bear the expense
of obtaining the first two appraisals. If, after taking into account the appraisal made by the third
Qualified Appraiser, the net asset value of the Partnership as determined pursuant to this Section
3.14(b) is (I) greater than the net asset value as determined by the Qualified Appraiser selected by
the New General Partner by ten percent (10%) or more, the Partnership shall bear the expense of the
third appraisal, or (2) less than the net asset value as determined by the Qualified Appraiser selected
by the removed General Partner by ten percent (10%) or more, the removed General Partner shall
bear the expense of the third appraisal; and in any other case, the Partnership and the removed
General Partner shall each bear half of the expense of the third appraisal.
(c) In the event of the removal of the General Partner, the Management
Agreement shaH be terminated without further action on the part of the Partnership.
SECTION 3.15 Exclusion from Investments.
(a) Ifparticipation by aLimited Partner inany investment in aPortfolio Company
would result in a violation of any statute, law or regulation applicable to such Limited Partner which
would have amaterial adverse effect on such Limited Partner, and such Limited Partner provides the
General Partner with a written opinion of counsel (which opinion in form and content and counsel
shall be reasonably satisfactory to the General Partner) stating that such violation is applicable, such
Limited Partner may request to be excluded from participating in Partnership Profits, Losses and
distributions attributable to such investment. Any such request shall be submitted to the General
Partner in writing, accompanied by the opinion of counsel, within thirty (30) days after the receipt
by the Limited Partner of the initial written communication describing such investment.
(b) The General Partner shall advise the requesting Limited Partner within thirty
(30) days of receipt of such request and opinion of counsel whether it consents to such Limited
Partner's exclusion from participation in such investment. Unless the General Partner notifies the
Limited Partner that it disagrees with the substance of the opinion of counsel within such thirty (30)
day period, the General Partner shall be deemed to have consented to such exclusion. If the General
Partner so consents then, notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, (I) no Partnership
Profits or Losses attributable to such investment shall be allocated to such Limited Partner (the
"Excused Partner"); (2) such Excused Partner shall not participate in distributions attributable
thereto; and (3) this Agreement shall be deemed to have been amended, as of the date of the
investment, as necessary to achieve these results. Notwithstanding any other provision of this
PHILI-303151-21 -20-Agreement, the General Partner in its sole discretion and without the consent of any other Partner
may cause a formal amendment to this Agreement to be executed to effectuate the intent of this
Section 3.15 and, if this Agreement is not formally amended, shall have reasonable discretion to
adjust Partnership allocations and distributions in order to.effectuate that intent.
(c) The Excused Partner shall not be obligated to make any Additional Capital
Contribution with respect to the applicable investment (and, ifsuch contribution is made, it shall be
returned to the extent practicable and treated for all purposes hereof as not having been made) and
the Excused Partner's Unfunded Subscription shall not be affected by the Additional Capital
Contributions made by the other Partners with respect to such investment.
SECTION 3.16 Divestment from Investments.
(a) Notwithstanding any provision inthis Agreement to the contrary, any Limited
Partner may request that it divest its interest through the Partnership in a particular Portfolio
Company investment if the Limited Partner shall obtain and deliver to the General Partner a written
opinion of counsel (which opinion in form and content and counsel shall be reasonably satisfactory
to the General Partner) stating that such Limited Partner's continued interest through the Partnership
in such Portfolio Company investment will be proscribed because of a change in applicable law or
regulation to which such Limited Partner is subject and which would have a material adverse effect
on such Limited Partner, since the Limited Partner entered into the Partnership (an "Opt-out
Investment").
(b) The General Partner shall advise the requesting Limited Partner within thirty
(30) days of receipt of such request and opinion of counsel whether it consents to such Limited
Partner's divestment from such investment. Unless the General Partner notifies the Limited Pminer
that it disagrees with the substance ofthe opinion of counsel within such thirty (30) day period, the
General Partner shall be deemed tp have consented to such divestment.
(c) In the event any Limited Partner shall elect to divest its interest in an Opt-out
Investment in accordance with the provisions of this Section 3.16, the General Partner shall (i)
exercise its best efforts to cause such interest in the Opt-out Investment to be disposed of, on such
terms as the General Partner shall determine in its sole discretion, and the proceeds of such
disposition shall be distributed to such Limited Partner, or (ii) make other arrangements approved
by such Limited Partner. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the General
Partner in its sole discretion and without the consent of any other Partner may cause a formal
amendment to this Agreement to be executed to effectuate the intent ofthis Section 3.16 and, if this
Agreement is not formally amended, shall have reasonable discretion to adjust Partnership
allocations and distributions in order to effectuate that intent.
SECTION 3.17 Media and Common Carrier Companies. Ifthe Partnership acquires an interest
in aMedia or Common Carrier Company and if, as aresult of the attribution rules promulgated under
the Communications Act, a Limited Partner would, but for the last clause ofthis Section 3.17, be in
violation of:
PHIL! ~ 303151-21 -21.(I) the ownership rules promulgated under the Communications Act; or
(2) the restrictions on ownership or participation in broadcast licensees
by aliens imposed by the Communications Act or the policies and decisions of the FCC thereunder;
or
(3) the FCC's policy preventing persons from having "meaningful" cross-
interests in certain broadcast station combinations, newspaper/broadcast station combinations, or
cable system/television station combinations serving the same market in situations where such
combinations would violate the FCC's ownership rules if all such interests were attributable under
the FCC's attribution rules,
then:
such Limited Partner, nor any employee, officer, director, member or partner
of such Limited Partner, nor any person who owns, directly or indirectly, more than five percent
(5%) of any class of equity securities of such Limited Partner nor any officer, director or member
of any such entity, shall not, without the consent of the General Partner, act as an employee of the
Partnership if its, his or her functions, directly or indirectly, relate to the media or common carrier
business of any Media or Common Carrier Company; serve in any material capacity as an
independent contractor or agent with respect tothe media or common carrier business of such Media
or Common Carrier Company; communicate on matters pertaining to the day-to-day operations of
any Media or Common Carrier Company with (A) any officer, director, partner, agent, representative
or employee of such Media or Common Carrier, or (B) the General Partner; perform any services
for the Partnership that materially relate to the media or common carrier business of any Media or
Common Carrier Company, or become actively involved in the management or operation of any
Media or Common Carrier Company; or vote to admit additional general partners to the Partnership
(unless such vote can be vetoed by the General Partner); vote on the removal of the General Partner
unless the General Partner is subject to bankruptcy proceedings or adjudicated incompetent, or
become actively involved in the management or operation of the media businesses.
ARTICLE IV. LIMITED PARTNERS
SECTION 4.1 Names, Addresses and Subscriptions. The names and addresses of the Limited
Partners and their respective Subscriptions and the aggregate subscriptions of all Limited Partners
are set forth in Schedule A. Schedule A shall be amended from time to time to reflect any change
in the identity or the Subscription of the Limited Partners or the aggregate Subscriptions of all
Limited Partners.
SECTION 4,2 Liability.
(a) The liability of each ofthe Limited Partners to the Partnership shall be limited
to any unpaid capital contributions which it agreed to make to the Partnership, except as otherwise
provided under the Delaware Act.
PH1Ll-303151-21 -22-(b) It is hereby acknowledged that each Limited Partner having sovereign status
under the Eleventh Amendment of the U.S. Constitution reserves all immunities, defenses, rights or
actions arising out of its sovereign status or under such Eleventh Amendment. and no waiver of such
immunities, defenses, rights or actions shall be implied or otherwise deemed to exist by such Limited
Partner's execution and delivery of this Agreement, by any express or implied provision thereof or
by any actions or omissions to act by such Limited Partner or any representative or agent of such
Limited Partner whether taken pursuant to this Agreement or prior to such Limited Partner's
execution and delivery of this Agreement. Nothing contained in this paragraph (b) shall relieve any
Limited Partner of any obligation that such Limited Partner may have under this Agreement to make
Capital Contributions to the Partnership in accordance with the terms and conditions of this
Agreement or for the Partnership to utilize any Capital Contributions by such Limited Partner for
expenses permitted under this Agreement.
SECTION 4.3 No Control of Partnership; Other Limitations.
(a) No Limited Partner, in its capacity as such, shall take any part in the control
of the affairs of the Partnership, or undertake any transactions on behalf of the Partnership, or have
any power to sign for or to bind the Partnership.
(b) No Limited Partner shall have the right or power to: (I) withdraw or reduce
its contribution to the capital ofthe Partnership except as aresult of the dissolution of the Partnership
(provided that Limited Partners shall have no right to withdraw or reduce their contributions on
dissolution of the Partnership to the extent that the Partnership requires funds to pay its creditors)
or as otherwise provided herein; (2) cause the termination and dissolution of the Patinership, other
than the right specified in Section 13.3; or (3) demand or receive property other thatl cash in return
for its contribution except as otherwise provided herein.
SECTION 4.4 Death, Dissolution or Bankruptcy. The death, incompetence, bankruptcy,
liquidation or dissolution of a Limited Partner shall not result in the termination of the Partnership,
but the rights and obligations of such Limited Partner under this Agreement shall accrue to such
Limited Partner's successor, estate or legal representative. Except as expressly provided in this
Agreement, no other event affecting aLimited Partner (including but not limited to insolvency) shall
affect this Agreement.
ARTICLE V. EXPENSES; MANAGEMENT FEE
SECTION 5.1 Payment of Costs and Expenses.
(a) The Partnership shall pay (and shall reimburse the General Partner and its
Affiliates to the extent it has paid) all offering, organizational, costs and other expenses incurred by
the Partnership in an amount up to Seven Hundred Fifty Thousand Dollars ($750,000), in connection
with the initial structuring and organization ofthe Partnership. Any amounts in excess of the Seven
Hundred Fifty Thousand Dollars ($750,000) shall be borne by the Management Company.
PHILl- 303151-21 -23-(b) Except as provided in Sections 5.I(a) and 5.I(c), the Partnership shall pay (i)
all expenses which the General Partner reasonably determines to be directly related to the purchase,
sale or holding of proposed investments (whether or not consummated) with respect to an actual or
prospective Portfolio Security, including, but not limited to, brokerage and commission expenses,
due diligence expenses, and related expenses including travel and meals, margin, premium and
interest expenses, professional fees, out-of-pocket research costs and all other investment related
expenses of the General Partner and Management Company and their Affiliates, fees and
disbursements of transfer agents, registrars, custodians, sub-custodians and escrow agents, and the
costs of investments and withdrawals by Partners and all other investment related expenses of any
type, (ii) all expenses which the General Partner reasonably determines are related to the general
operation of the Partnership, including, but not limited to, legal, custodial and accounting fees,
consulting expenses, investment research related expenses, insurance expenses, expenses incurred
in communicating with Limited Partners, third party audit and tax expenses, (iii) any extraordinary
expenses of the Partnership, including, but not limited to, expenses related to any governmental
inquiry, litigation and indemnification expenses, (iv) completed transaction expenses and (v) any
expenses related to the Partnership and its investments not specifically allocated to the Management
Company. To the extent the General Partner or its Affiliates has allocated a portion of the
investment in a Portfolio Company among the Parallel Fund and/or other investment vehicles, the
expenses related to such Portfolio Company shall be divided pro rata with each other based on the
respective investment.
(c) The General Partner and/or the Management Company is responsible for and
shall pay all expenses incurred in connection with investigating investment opportunities and
monitoring investments and will provide for normal operating overhead (including but not limited
to salaries, employee benefits, rent, office furnishings, equipmcnt and supplies) in respect of the
Partnership.
(d) The General Partner, initsreasonable good faith determination, will determine
the amount and classification of all expenses.
SECTION 5.2 Management Fee.
(a) The Partnership shall pay to the Management Company, quarterly in advance
and in accordance with the terms ofthe Management Agreement, aManagement Fee for the services
to be provided hereunder at arate of (i) one half of one percent (0.5%) of the aggregate Subscriptions
of all Partners per quarter (i.e., an annual rate of two percent (2%)) for the period commencing on
the date of the Initial Closing until the end of the Commitment Period; provided, however, that (x)
if prior to the end of the Commitment Period a Successor Entity has been formed as set forth in
Section 3.8(b) hereof, and such Successor Entity has conducted an initial closing, or (y) all
Subscriptions of the Partners have been funded and fully invested by the Partnership, then the rate
shall be three-eights of one percent (0.375%) (i.e., at an annual rate of one and one-half percent
(1.5%)) of the aggregate weighted average ainount of Funded Commitments until the end of the
Commitment Period and (ii) three-eighths of one percent (0.375%) per quarter (i.e., an annual rate
of one and one-half percent (1.5%)) of the weighted average amount of Funded Commitments
PHILl.303151.21 .24.reduced by the cost basis of all investments completely written off, during the preceding quarter for
the period from the end of the Commitment Period through the termination of the Partnership. Any
increase in the Management Fee resulting from an increase in the total Subscriptions of all Limited
Partners to the Partnership, or the admission of additional Limited Partners following the date of the
Initial Closing, shall take effect retroactive to the date of the Initial Closing. The amount of the
Management Fee for any period shall be reduced (but not below zero) by an amount equal to fifty
percent (50%) of any Special Income (as set forth in Section 3.6(b.
(b) Payments of the Management Fee shall be made qualierly in advance and in
accordance with the terms of the Management Agreement on the first business day of each January,
April, July and October of each fiscal year of the Partnership. The first payment shall be due upon
the effective date ofthis Agreement. However, ifthe effective date of this Agreement is not the first
day of a fiscal quarter of the Partnership, the Partnership's first payment shall be for the pro rata
amount due until the beginning of the first succeeding fiscal quarter of the Partnership (based on a
daily proration of days remaining in any quarter). Ifthe Partnership's Initial Closing occurs on a date
prior to the date of the initial Capital Contributions of the Partners, the Management Fee shall accrue
during the period between the date of the Initial Closing and the date of the initial Capital
Contributions of the Partners, and shall be payable in full on the date of the initial Capital
Contributions of the Partners. In the event of any increase in the Management Fee as a result of an
increase in the Subscriptions to the Partnership, or the admission of additional Partners following
the Initial Closing, the amount of such increase (plus interest thereon at the Prime Rate) calculated
from the effective date of the Initial Closing to the beginning of the first fiscal qumier following such
increase in Subscriptions shall be paid to the Management CompmlY on the date of such increase in
Subscriptions, or admission of additional Partners.
(c) The General Partner reserves the right to cause the Management Company,
pursuant to the terms of the Management Agreement, to waive the portion of the Management Fee
attributable to the General Partner's or its Affiliate's Subscription and Funded Commitment.
ARTICLE VI. INVESTMENT COMMITTEE AND
LIMITED PARTNERS ADVISORY COMMITTEE
SECTION 6.1 Appointment and Vacancies. The Partnership shall have (a) an investment
committee which shall consist of the Individual Principals and adesignee of the Safeguard Principal
(the "Investment Committee") and (b) a Limited Partners Advisory Committee, which shall consist
of five (5) members (subject to increase to seven (7) members in the discretion of the General
Partner, with the additional members being representatives ofthe Limited Partners) appointed by the
General Partner, four (4) (or, if increased, six (6 of whom shall be representatives of the Limited
Partners (other than Affiliates of the General Partner) and one member (the "Independent Member")
who shall not be an Affiliate of the General Partner or any Limited Partner (the "Limited Partners
Advisory Committee"); provided that the appointment of the Independent Member shall be subject
to the approval of the members who are representatives of the Limited Partners, such approval not
to be unreasonably withheld. The Investment Committee and the Limited Partners Advisory
Committee shall also serve as the Investment Committee and the Limited Partners Advisory
PJ-IlLI.303151-2\ -25-Committee of any Parallel Funds. The General Partner, with the approval of a majority of the
members of the Limited Partners Advisory Committee, may remove any member of the Limited
Partners Advisory Committee at any time, with or without cause. The General Partner shall fill any
vacancy resulting from any such removal, the resignation of any member thereof or otherwise.
SECTION 6.2 Meetings of the Investment Committee and Limited Partners Advisory
Committee. The Investment Committee and Limited Partners Advisory Board shall meet at such
times as the General Partner or a majority of the members thereof shall determine. The Limited
Partners Advisory Board shall meet at least one (I) time per year. The General Partner or the
applicable chairman shall provide notice of each meeting to the members of the Investment
Committee and Limited Partners Advisory Committee, as applicable. Members of the Limited
Partners Advisory Committee shall receive at least thirty (30) days notice prior to any meeting of the
members ofthe Limited Partners Advisory Committee. Members of the Limited Partners Advisory
Committee shall receive from the Partnership reimbursement for any expenses incurred, at the
direction ofthe General Partner in connection with performing their duties hereunder, with any such
reimbursement to be borne by the Partnership and any Parallel Funds pro rata in proportion to their
respective aggregate capital commitments.
SECTION 6.3 Duties. To the extent permitted under Section 17-303 of the Delaware Act for
Persons that do not thereby become liable to any party as a general pa11nerof the Partnership, the
functions of the Investment Committee shall be to make decisions with respect to the acquisition of
investments in Portfolio Companies. The functions of the Limited Partners Advisory Committee
shall be to review and approve all potential conflicts of interest involving the General Partner and
its Affiliates and to act upon the matters specified elsewhere in this Agreement. All decisions
regarding the operations and investments of the Partnership (including valuation decisions), shall
be made by the General Partner, subject to such consents and approvals ofthe Investment Committee
and Limited Partners Advisory Committee as are specifically required pursuant to the provisions of
this Agreement.
SECTION 6.4 Votin\!: Rules and Procedures. All approvals, disapprovals, consents,
recommendations and other actions taken by the Limited Partners Advisory Committee shall be
authorized by a majority of their respective members then holding office. The Limited Partners
Advisory Committee shall have the authority to adopt rules and procedures, subject to the approval
of the General Partner, which shall not be umeasonably withheld, and not inconsistent with this
Agreement, relating to the conduct of its affairs.
SECTION 6.5 Duty of Care. The members of the Limited Partners Advisory Committee shall
exercise their best judgment in carrying out their functions for the Partnership. No member of the
Limited Partners Advisory Committee shall be liable to the Partnership or any Partner for any loss
suffered by the Partnership or any Partner which arises out of any action or omission of such
member, provided that such course of conduct did not constitute actual fraud. gross negligence or
willful misconduct of such member. The Limited Partners Advisory Committee and each member
thereof shall be fully protected and justified with respect to any action or omission taken or suffered
by any of them in good faith if such action or omission is taken or suffered in reasonable reliance
PHIL!. 303 I5 I-2 I -26-upon and in accordance with the opinion or advice as to matters of law of legal counsel, or as to
matters of accounting of accountants, selected by any ofthem with reasonable care. In addition, each
member of the Limited Partners Advisory Committee shall be entitled to indemnification by the
Partnership to the extent provided in Article XVIII hereof.
ARTICLE VII. ADDITIONAL LIMITED PARTNERS
SECTION 7.1 Additional Subscriptions After Initial Closing. Subject to the provisions of this
Agreement, during the period commencing on the Initial Closing and ending on the nine (9) month
anniversary ofthe Initial Closing, the General Partner isauthorized, but not obligated, to accept from
time to time additional Subscriptions from the Partners and to select and admit other Persons to the
Partnership as additional Limited Partners. Any such additional Subscriptions shall be accepted and
any such additional Limited Partners shall be admitted to the Partnership only if:
(a) after such admission or the acceptance of such additional Subscriptions, the
sum of the aggregate Subscriptions of all Partners and the aggregate capital commitments of all
partners of any Parallel Funds, does not exceed the Maximum Subscription Amount; and
(b) such Partner or additional Limited Partner shall contribute, on the date of
admission or increase in Subscription, to the Partnership an amount equal to its allocable share of
the cost of any Partnership investments plus Operating Expenses made or incurred prior to such date,
plus a payment equivalent to interest at the Prime Rate plus one percent (I %) from the date such
amounts would have been payable if made at the Initial Closing to the date of payment. Any such
amounts contributed by such Partners shall be distributed to Persons who were Partners prior to such
date to the extent necessary such that after such distribution, each Partner of the Partnership shall
have contributed to the Partnership the same percentage of its Commitment as each other Partner
shall have contributed to the Partnership (excluding amounts representing interest). The interest
equivalent amount distributed shall be treated as a guaranteed payment for the use of capital within
the meaning of Section 707(c) of the Code, the deduction of which shall be specially allocated to the
contributing Partner.
SECTION 7.2 Accession to Agreement. Each Person who is to be admitted as an additional or
substitute Limited Partner pursuant to this Agreement shall accede to this Agreement by executing,
together with the General Partner, acounterpart signature page to this Agreement providing for such
admission, which shall be deemed for all purposes to constitute an amendment to this Agreement
providing for such admission but shall not require the consent or approval of any other Partner. In
addition, the General Partner shall make any necessary filings with the appropriate governmental
authorities and take such actions as are necessary under applicable law to effectuate such admission.
The admission of additional or substitute Limited Partners to the Partnership shall be effective upon
the execution of the necessary counterpart signature page to this Agreement or such later effective
date as is set forth in any instrument executed by the General Partner and any newly admitted
Partner. The General Partner shall cause Schedule A to be amended fron1time to time. without the
consent of any other Partner, to reflect any changes in the Subscriptions or identity of any Partner,
the aggregate Subscriptions of all Partners, or the admission of Limited Partners.
PH[L1~303151~21 -27-ARTICLE VIII. CAPITAL OF THE PARTNERSHIP
SECTION 8.1 Capital Contributions.
(a) The capital of the Partnership shall consist initially of the initial Capital
Contributions of the Partners, as set forth in Schedule A, which initial Capital Contributions shall
represent such amount, up to five percent (5%) of each Partner's total Subscription, as the General
Partner shall determine is necessary to fund initial investments and to satisfY organizational and
similar expenses, the initial quarterly installment of the Management Fee and working capital
requirements of the Partnership. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the provisions of Section 3.13
apply to the Partnership, the initial Capital Contribution of any ERISA Partner shall be deferred until
such time as such ERISA Partner is permitted to make such initial Capital Contribution under
ERISA (i.e., until the Partnership makes its first investment in a Portfolio Company with respect to
which the Partnership has "management rights" as defined in the Plan Asset Regulations). In
addition, subject to Section 8.1(b), each Partner shall make additional contributions to the capital of
the Partnership ("Additional Capital Contributions") inorder for the Partnership to fund investments
ormake expenditures, upon no less than ten (10) business days' prior written notice from the General
Partner, provided that no Partner shall be obligated to make a Capital Contribution in respect of its
Subscription that exceeds the amount of such Partner's Unfunded Subscription at the time of such
Capital Contribution. Each such notice shall briefly state the purpose of such capital call and set
forth the date on which the related Additional Capital Contribution is due. The amount of capital
required to be contributed by each Partner on each occasion of an Additional Capital Contribution
shall be computed by the General Partner so that each Partner's Additional Capital Contribution
bears the same relationship to the aggregate Additional Capital Contributions to be made on such
occasion as such Partner's Unfunded Subscription bears to the aggregate Unfunded Subscriptions
of all Partners. All calls for Additional Capital Contributions by the Partners and the partners of any
Parallel Funds shall be made at the same times and on substantially the same terms. All Capital
Contributions shall be made in cash in United States dollars.
(b) No Partner shall be liable for any Additional Capital Contribution with respect
to which the General Partner has not delivered the notice provided for in Section 8.l(a) on or before
the last day of the Commitment Period; provided that the General Partner may call for Additional
Capital Contributions after the Commitment Period, by delivery of the notice provided for in Section
8.I(a), to fund (i) commitments to complete any investments in process at the end of the
Commitment Period; (ii) amounts which the Partnership is obligated to meet pursuant to binding
agreements, whether or not all conditions to closing have then been satisfied or pursuant to letters
of intent or similar documents, whether or not binding; (iii) follow-on investments in Portfolio
Companies owned by the Partnership on the last day of the Commitment Period; (iv) the expenses
of the Partnership, including Management Fees; or (v) liabilities of the Partnership in respect of a
Portfolio Company to the extent that the Partners have received proceeds from the securities of such
Portfolio Company in atransaction ortransactions giving rise to such liabilities. The General Partner
may at any time, by written notice to the Limited Partners, terminate in whole or in part the
obligation of the Partners to make Additional Capital Contributions and, upon the giving of such
notice, the obligation of the Partners to make such contributions shall terminate to the extent, and
PHIL!.303151-21 -28-as ofthe date, specified in such notice. Any partial termination of the outstanding obligations of the
Partners to make Additional Capital Contributions shall be accomplished by terminating in part the
obligations of all Partners, pro rata in proportion to their respective Subscriptions. The General
Partner shall not cause any termination of the Partners' obligation to make Additional Capital
Contributions unless a substantially equivalent termination occurs contemporaneously with respect
to the obligations of the partners of any Parallel Fund to make additional capital contributions to
such Parallel Fund.
SECTION 8.2 Failure to Make Additional Capital Contributions.
(a) In the event that any Partner fails to pay any amount (the "Amount Due")
which it is required to pay to the Partnership on or before the datc (the "Due Date") when such
amount isdue and payable, it shall be deemed to be indefault hereunder (a "Defaulting Partner") and
a notice of default shall be given to it.
(b) In the event that any Partner fails to pay any Amount Due by the relevant Due
Date, such Amount Due shall bear interest at the Prime Rate plus two percent (2%) (or the highest
rate permitted by applicable law, ifless) on the Amount Due from the relevant Due Date until the
earlier of (i) the date on which such payment is received by the Partnership or (ii) the date of the
exercise by the General Partner of the option set forth in Section 8.2(c) provided, that the General
Partner, in its sole discretion, may elect to waive such interest if it determines that such failure by
such Partner to timely pay the Amount Due was an isolated occurrence unlikely to recur. Any
distributions to which such Partner is entitled shall be reduced by the amount of such interest, and
such amount shall be allocated, Pro Rata to the Partners.
(c) Without limiting the Partnership's rights against the Defaulting Partner, if the
full amount of such payment is not received by the Partnership within forty-five (45) days after the
delivery of such notice, as liquidated and agreed upon current damages for such default (it being
agreed that it would be difficult or impossible to fix the actual damages), the Partnership shall have
the option, exercisable by the General Partner, to purchase the Defaulting Partner's interest in the
Partnership for One Hundred Dollars ($100) and offer the Defaulting Partner's interest in the
Partnership and the balance ofthe Defaulting Partner's Unfunded Subscriptions first to the Partners
other than the Defaulting Partner (the "Non-Defaulting Partners"), Pro Rata to the Partners, and then
to other offerees on such terms as determined by the General Partner in its discretion; provided,
however, that the offer to other offerees shall not be on terms more favorable than those offered to
the Non-Defaulting Partners. Proceeds ofthe sale ofthe interest, net of expenses related to such sale,
shall be distributed to the Non-Defaulting Partners, Pro Rata to the Partners. If such proceeds are
distributed to the Non-Defaulting Partners, appropriate adjustments shall be made in determining
the amount ofthe Priority Paymentto account for the return ofsuch Non-Defaulting Partner's Capital
Contributions. To the extent the Defaulting Partner's interest in the Partnership is not sold pursuant
to the foregoing, the Partnership shall have the right, exercisable by the General Partner, to purchase
the Defaulting Partner's interest in the Partnership for One Hundred Dollars ($J 00) and, for no
separate consideration, apportion that interest among the Non-Defaulting Partners, Pro Rata to the
PHILl-J03151-21 -29-Partners. Any remaining balance of the Defaulting Partner's Unfunded Subscription may be
assumed by the General Partner (or its designee) in its sole discretion.
(d) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this Agreement, (I) any
Defaulting Partner that does not make full payment to the Partnership of all amounts due and payable
to the Partnership on or before the date that is forty-five (45) days after notice of a default was
mailed to such Partner as provided in Section 8.2(a) shall not receive any distributions from the
Partnership; and (2) any distributions that otherwise wonld be made to a Defaulting Partner during
such forty-five (45) day period shall be made to such Defaulting Partner at the end of such forty-five
(45) day period if, before the end of such period, the Defaulting Partner has paid to the Partnership
all amounts then due and payable.
(e) The application ofthe aforesaid liquidated damages provision shall not relieve
any Defaulting Partner of such Partner's obligation to make all subsequent Additional Capital
Contributions when due unless the General Partner, in its sole discretion, exercises its rights under
Section 8.2(c).
SECTION 8.3 Excused Partner. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a Limited Partner becomes
an Excused Partner pursuant to Section 3.15 with respect to a particular investment, such Limited
Partner shall not, by reason of its failure to pay the portion of its Subscription related to such
investment, be deemed to be a Defanlting Partner for purposes of Section 8.2.
SECTION 8.4 No Interest or Withdrawals. No interest shall accrue on any Capital Contribution
made by a Partner, and no Partner shall have the right to withdraw or to be repaid any of its Capital
Contributions so made, except as specifically provided in this Agreement.
SECTION 8.5 Key-Man Triggering Event. The General Partner will give each Limited Partner
prompt written notice of the occurrence ofa Key-Man Triggering Event. Upon the occurrence of
a Key-Man Triggering Event, each Limited Partner may elect to become an "inactive partner" by
sending written notice of such election to the General Partner no later than thirty (30) days after the
sending of written notice thereof by the General Partner to the Limited Partners. Each Limited
Partner electing to become an "inactive partner" shall have no further right or obligation to make an
Additional Capital Contribution in respect of its Subscription, the Unfunded Subscription of such
Limited Partner shall be deemed to be reduced to zero and any further Management Fees shall be
calculated as to such "inactive Partner," based on such "inactive Partner's" Funded Commitment as
of the date of such election at the rate of one and one-half percent (1.5%). The General Partner shall
take such actions as may be necessary (including amending this Agreement) to appropriately reflect
the fact that such Limited Partner will not participate in future investments. No such election shall
affect the rights ofthe non-electing Limited Partners or the obligations ofthe General Partner or such
non-electing Limited Partners during the remainder of the Term.
PHILl.303151.21 -30.ARTICLE IX. ACCOUNTS
SECTION 9.I Contributions Accounts. There shall be established on the books of the
Partnership a capital contributions account ("Contributions Account") for each Partner which shall
consist of such Partner's initial capital contribution to the Partnership made pursuant to this
Agreement, excluding the portion of such initial Capital Contribution in respect of interest as set
forth in Section 7.1, (a) increased by (I) any Additional Capital Contributions made by such Partner,
and (2) additions to the Contributions Account of such Partner pursuant to Section 8.2; and (b)
decreased by any subtractions from the Contributions Account of such Partner pursuant to Section
8.2. Except as provided in the preceding sentence, a Partner's Contributions Account shall not be
reduced on account of any distributions of capital to such Partner or for any other reason.
SECTION 9.2 Capital Accounts. There shall be established on the books of the Partnership a
capital account ("Capital Account") for each Partner that shall consist of such Partner's initial capital
contribution to the Partnership made pursuant to this Agreement, (a) increased by (I) any Additional
Capital Contributions made by such Partner, (2) any additions to the Capital Account of such Partner
pursuant to Section 8.2, and (3) any amounts from time to time added to the Capital Account of such
Partner pursuant to Article X; (b) decreased by (I) any distributions made to such Partner, (2) any
subtractions from the Capital Account of such Partner pursuant to Section 8.2, and (3) any amounts
subtracted from the Capital Account of such Partner pursuant to Article X; and (c) otherwise
adjusted in accordance with the tax accounting principles set forth in Treasury Regulations S 1.704-
I(b)(2)(iv) (including, but not limited to, those principles concerning revaluations of Partnership
property). For these purposes, Profits allocated to any Partner shall be added to, and Losses so
allocated shall be subtracted from, such Partner's Capital Account.
SECTION 9.3 Accounting for Distributions in Kind. For purposes of maintaining Capital
Accounts when Partnership property is distributed in kind, (a) the Partnership shall treat such
property as if it had been sold for its fair market value on the date of distribution as determined in
accordance with Article XII; (b) any difference between the fair market value of such property as so
determined and the cost of such property shall constitute Profit or Loss attributable to such
distribution and shall be allocated to the Capital Accounts ofthe Partners pursuant to Article X; and
(c) all property distributed in kind by the Partnership to a Partner shall reduce that Partner's Capital
Account at the fair market value of such property on the date of distribution (net of any liabilities
secured by such distributed property that such Partner is considered to assume or take subject to
under Section 752 of the Code).
SECTION 9.4 Compliance With Treasury Regulations. The foregoing provisions and the other
provisions ofthis Agreement relating to the maintenance ofCapital Accounts are intended to comply
with Section 704(b) ofthe Code and Treasury Regulations S 1.704-1(b), and shall be interpreted and
applied in a manner consistent with such regulations. In the event that the General Partner shall
determine that it is prudent to modify the manner in which the Capital Accounts, or any debits or
credits thereto, are computed in order to comply with such regulations, the General Partner may
make such modification.
Pl-lILl-303151-2! -31-ARTICLE X. ALLOCATIONS
SECTION 10.I Allocation of Profits. After giving effect to the Regulatory Allocations set forth
in Section 10.5 and the allocation of Operating Expenses set forth in Section 10.3, Profits for any
fiscal year or other period from Portfolio Securities will be credited to the Capital Accounts of the
Partners in the following order of priority:
(a) First, to the Partners, in an amount sufficient to reverse any Losses allocated
to the Partners pursuant to the proviso in Section 10.2, allocated to each Partner in the order and in
proportion to the allocation of such Losses to such Partner;
(b) Second, one hundred percent (100%) Pro Rata to the Partners, until the
cumulative amount allocated pursuant to this Section 10.I(b) for the current and all prior fiscal years
is equal to the cumulative Shortfall Amount with respect to Realized Investments in the current and
all prior fiscal years plus any Losses allocated pursuant to Section I0.2(e) (which Losses reverse
Profits allocated under this Section 10.I(b));
(c) Third, one hundred percent (l 00%) Pro Rata to the Partners, until the
cumulative amount allocated pursuantto this Section 10.I(c) for the current and all prior fiscal years
isequal to the Shortfall Amount with respect to Unrealized Investments on the date of allocation plus
any Losses allocated pursuant to Section 1O.2(d)(which Losses reverse Profits allocated under this
Section 10.I(c));
(d) Fourth, one hundred percent (100%) Pro Rata to the Partners, until the
cumulative amount allocated pursuant to this Section IO.I(d) for the current and all prior fiscal years
is equal to the cumulative Priority Payment attributable to Money Market Investments and Bridge
Financing in the current and all prior fiscal years plus any Losses allocated pursuant to Section
I0.2(c) (which Losses reverse Profits allocated under this Section 10.1(d));
(e) Fifth, one hundred percent (100%) to the General Partner if and to the extent
necessary to cause net cumulative allocations (after taking into account all allocations of Losses
which reverse prior Profits allocations) to the General Partner (exclusive of its share of allocations
made Pro Rata to the Partners) in the current and all prior fiscal years to equal twenty-five percent
(25%) (i.e., 20/80) of the sum of (x) net cumulative allocations made Pro Rata to the Partners
pursuant to Sections 10.I(b) and 10.I(c) to the extent such allocations are in respect of the
cumulative Priority Payment attributable to aRealized Investment or Unrealized Investment, and (y)
net cumulative allocations made Pro Rata to the Partners pursuant to Section 10.1(d) to the extent
such allocations are in respect of the cumulative Priority Payment attributable to a Money Market
Investment or Bridge Financing in the current and all prior fiscal years; and
(f) Thereafter, (x) eighty percent (80%) Pro Rata to the Partners and (y) twenty
percent (20%) to the General Partner.
PHILl-303151-21 -32-SECTION 10.2 Allocation of Losses. After giving effect to the Regulatory Allocations set forth
in Section 10.5 and the allocation of Operating Expenses set forth in Section 10.3, Losses for any
fiscal year or other period will be charged to the Capital Accounts of the Partners in the following
order of priority:
(a) First, eighty percent (80%) Pro Rata to the Partners and (y) twenty percent
(20%) to the General Partner to reverse Profits allocated under Section 10.1(f);
(b) Second, one hundred percent (I00%) to the General Partner to reverse Profits
allocated under Section 10.I(e);
(c) Third, one hundred percent (100%) Pro Rata to the Partners to reverse Profits
allocated under Section 10.I(d);
(d) Fourth, one hundred percent (100%) Pro Rata tothe Partners to reverse Profits
allocated under Section I0.1(c);
(e) Fifth, one hundred percent (100%) Pro Rata to the Partners to reverse Profits
allocated under Section 10.1(b);
(f) Sixth, one hundred percent (100%) Pro Rata to the Pminers;
provided, however, that Losses that otherwise would be allocated Pro Rata to the Partners will not
be allocated to any Partner if such Losses would result in.or increase an Adjusted Capital Account
Deficit with respect to such Partner and any Losses that cannot be allocated to any Partner as a result
of this proviso shall be allocated first to the Capital Accounts of the other Partners in proportion to
the positive balances in their respective Capital Accounts until all such Capital Accounts are reduced
to zero, and then one hundred percent (100%) to the General Partner.
Notwithstanding the order of priority set forth above, any deduction for the guaranteed payments
made pursuantto Section 7.1(b) hereof will be allocated to the Partners who contributed the amounts
used to make such guaranteed payments.
SECTION 10.3 Allocation of Operating Expenses. Notwithstanding the allocations set forth
in Section 10.1 and 10.2, Operating Expenses for any fiscal year shall be specially allocated Pro Rata
to the Partners; provided, however, that, if the General Partner waives any portion of the
Management Fee attributable to the General Partner or its Affiliates pursuant to Section 5.2(c)
hereof, the General Partner or its Affiliates, as the case may be, will not be allocated any portion of
the Management Fee so waived.
SECTION 10.4 Distributions in Kind. Whenever any Partnership property is to be distributed
in kind, such Partnership property will be deemed to have been sold for its fair market value (as
determined in accordance with Article Xll) immediately prior to such distribution and any Profit or
PI.IIL!. JOJ151.21 -33-Loss upon sUchhypothetical sale will be taken into account as contemplated by Section 10.1 or 10.2
immediately prior to such distribution.
SECTION 10.5 Regulatory Allocations. The following provisions are included in order to
comply with tax rules set forth in the Code and to permit the Partnership to obtain the benefits of a
"safe harbor" provided by Treasury Regulations ~ 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)( d). The allocations pursuant to
this Section 10.5 shall be made prior to the allocations set forth in Sections 10.1. 10.2 or 10.3.
(a) If any Partner receives an unexpected adjustment, allocation or distribution
described in Treasury Regulations I:i I.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(d)(4), (5) or (6), there shall be allocated to such
Partner items of income and gain (consisting of a pro rata portion of each item of Partnership
income, including gross income, and gain for such fiscal period) in an amount and manner sufficient
to eliminate any Partner's Adjusted Capital Account Deficit, to the extent required by the Treasury
Regulations, as quickly as possible, provided that an allocation pursuant to this Section 10.5(a) shall
be made only if and to the extent that any Partner would have an Adjusted Capital Account Deficit
after all allocations provided for in this Article X have been made tentatively as if this Section
JO.5(a) were not included in this Agreement. The foregoing sentence is intended to constitute a
"qualified income offset" provision as described in Treasury Regulations I:i 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)( d), and
shall be interpreted and applied in all respects in accordance with that section.
(b) The allocations set forth in Section 10.5(a) hereof (the "Regulatory
Allocations") are intended to comply with certain requirements of Treasury Regulations ~ 1.704-
1(b). Notwithstanding any other provisions ofthis Article X (other than the Regulatory Allocations),
the Regulatory Allocations shall be taken into account in allocating subsequent Profits, Losses and
items of income, gain, loss and deduction among the Partners so that, to the extent possible, the net
amount of such allocations of subsequent Profits, Losses and other items and the Regulatory
Allocations to each Partner shall be equal to the net amount that would have been allocated to each
such Partner pursuant to the provisions of this Article X if the Regulatory Allocations had not
occurred. For purposes of applying the foregoing sentence, allocations pursuant to this Section
JO.5(b) shall be made only to the extent the General Partner reasonably determines that such
allocations will otherwise be inconsistent with the economic agreement among the Partners.
SECTION 10.6 Adjustments to Reflect Changes in Interests.
(a) Notwithstanding the foregoing, with respectto any fiscal period during which
any Partner's interest in the Partnership changes, whether by reason of the admission of a Partner,
the withdrawal of a Partner, a non-pro rata contribution of capital to the Partnership or any other
event described in Section 706(d)(1)ofthe Code and Treasury Regulations, allocations of Profit and
Loss shall be adjusted appropriately to take into account the varying interests of the Partners during
such period. The General Partner shall consult with the Patinership's accountants and other advisors
and shall select the method of making such adjustments, which method shall be used consistently
thereafter.
PHIL!.303151-21 -34-(b) If any Person is admitted to the Partnership (or the Subscription of any
existing Partner is increased) after the date of the Initial Closing in accordance with the provisions
of this Agreement, the General Partner shall adjust the allocations otherwise provided for in this
Article X of Profit or Loss (and items of Partnership income, gain, loss and expense), for the fiscal
year in which such event occurs and for subsequent fiscal years if necessary, so that, after such
adjustments have been made, each Partner (including any Partners admitted after the date of the
Initial Closing and all Partners whose Subscriptions have been increased after the date of the Initial
Closing) shall have been allocated Partnership expenses, including Organizational Expenses and
Management Fees, equal in amount to the aggregate amount of such Partnership expenses such
Partner would have been allocated ifit had been admitted to the Partnership on the date of the Initial
Closing with a Subscription equal to that set forth in Schedule A after such schedule or exhibit has
been amended to reflect such Partner's admission or the increase in its Subscription; provided,
however, that (l) no item of income, gain or deductible loss realized (or deemed to have been
realized on a distribution in kind) before the admission of any new Partner shall be allocated to such
Partner and (2) allocations to any existing Partner of items of income, gain or deductible loss realized
(or deemed to have been realized on a distribution in kind) prior to the increase in the Subscription
of such Partner shall be limited to those permitted by Section 706 of the Code.
SECTION 10.7 Tax Allocations. For federal, state and local income tax purposes, Partnership
income, gain, loss, deduction or credit (or any item thereof) for each fiscal year shall be allocated to
and among the Partners in order to reflect the allocations made pursuant to the provisions of this
Article X for such fiscal year (other than allocations of items which are not deductible or are
excluded from taxable income), taking into account any variation between the adjusted tax basis and
book value of Partnership property in accordance with the principles of Section 704(c) of the Code.
SECTION 10.8 Timing of Allocations. Unless otherwise determined by the General Partner,
Profits and Losses shall be allocated at the time(s) it is recognized for federal income tax reporting
purposes.
SECTION 10.9 Authority of General Partner to Vary Allocations and Distributions to Preserve
and Protect Partners' Intent.
(a) Allocations and distributions in respect of the Shortfall Amount with respect
to Unrealized Investments are, in part, intended to ensure that the General Partner does not receive
distributions and allocations in respect of its Carried Interest if, after taking into account prior years
allocations and distributions, the Limited Partners would not have first received back their Capital
Contributions plus an eight percent (8%) return on such Capital Contributions ifthe Partnership were
to hypothetically liquidate on such date assuming the allocations and distributions are based on the
sale of the Portfolio Securities at their fair market values as determined under Article XII. If
allocations and distributions in respect of the Shortfall Amount with respect to Unrealized
Investments have been made in prior fiscal years and there is no Shortfall Amount with respect to
Unrealized Investments at the time a current allocation and distribution is to be made, allocations
and distributions may be made to the General Partner in a manner differently than otherwise
provided for in this Article X and Article XI so as to eliminate any economic distortion to the
PHILl-303151-21 -35-General Partner created by such prior years allocations and distributions. The General Partner is
authorized to act pursuant to this Section 10.9 only after first consulting with and being advised by
the Partnership's tax advisors that such allocations and distributions are the minimum necessary to
assure that the economic arrangement to the General Partner is preserved.
(b) The allocations pursuant to Section 10.1(a) for any fiscal year shall take into
account allocations pursuant to Section 10.1(a) for all prior fiscal years to account for circumstances
in which, for example and without limitation, Realized Investments in the current fiscal year were
Unrealized Investments inaprior fiscal year, to the extent necessary to avoid duplicative allocations
as the General Partner shall in good faith reasonably determine.
SECTION 10.10 Allocation of Operating Expenses Among Portfolio Securities.
(a) The allocation of Operating Expenses of the Partnership to each Portfolio
Security for purposes of determining (i) the Priority Payment, (ii) the Shortfall Amount and (iii) the
priority of distributions as set forth in Section 11.3, shall be determined in accordance with this
Section 10.10.
(b) Operating Expenses shall be allocated among the Portfolio Securities held by
the Partnership each time aPortfolio Security isdisposed ofby the Partnership. Such allocation shall
be made pro rata among the Portfolio Securities held by the Partnership as of the determination time
based on the relative fair market value (determined in accordance with Article XII) of each Portfolio
Security as of the time the determination is made, or on such other basis as the General Partner shall
determine in its reasonable discretion. The amount of Operating Expenses to be allocated as of the
time of each determination shall be the cumulative amount of such Operating Expenses incurred by
the Partnership, net of any income of the Partnership that is not attributable to a Portfolio Security
(such as temporary investment income) less net Operating Expenses that have been previously
allocated to POIifolio Securities pursuant to this Section 10.10.
SECTION 10.11 Adjustment of Profits and Losses with Respect to Excused Partners.
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, there shall be appropriate adjustments to
the allocation ofProfits and Losses among the Partners to account for an Excused Partner's exclusion
from participation in any investment pursuant to Section 3.15.
ARTICLE XI. DISTRIBUTIONS
SECTION 11.1 Tax Distributions.
(a) Subject to Section Il.l(b), the Partnership shall distribute to each Partner
(including any tax-exempt Partners) in cash, with respect to each fiscal year, either during such year
or within ninety (90) days thereafter, an amount equal to the aggregate state and federal income tax
liability such Partner would have incurred as aresult of such Partner's ownership of an interest inthe
Partnership, calculated (i) as if such Partner were taxable at the maximum marginal income tax rates
provided for with respect to natural persons (or, ifhigher, with respect to taxable corporations) under
PHIL!.303151.21 -36-applicable federal and state income tax laws as determined from time to time by the General Partner
after consulting with accountants to the Partnership and (ii) as if allocations from the Partnership
were, for such year, the sole source of income and loss for such Partner (such distributions being
referred to herein as "Tax Distributions").
(b) Notwithstanding the foregoing: (I) the aggregate aIllOW1tof Tax Distributions
that otherwise would be made pursuant to this Section 11.1may be reduced or not made with respect
to any fiscal year to the extent determined by the General Partner in its sole discretion, and (2) Tax
Distributions that otherwise would be made to aI1YPartner with respect to any fiscal year pursuant
to Section 11.1(a) shall be reduced by the amount of any other cash distributions made by the
Partnership to such Partner during such fiscal year or within ninety (90) days thereafter, provided,
however, that for purposes of this clause (2) any Tax Distribution made within ninety (90) days after
the beginning of any fiscal year with respect to a prior year shall not be accounted for as a Tax
Distribution for the fiscal year in which it was made.
SECTION 11.2 Timing of Distributions. The Partnership shall distribute the cash proceeds (a)
of all dispositions of Portfolio Securities and (b) all other current income (including, without
limitation, dividends or interest realized on the Partnership's investments), in each case net of
Partnership expenses and reserves for reasonably estimated future expenses and, subject to Section
3.1 I(a), follow-on investments in existing Portfolio Companies, as determined by the General
Partner in its sole discretion, as soon as practicable but in no event later than sixty (60) days after the
Partnership receives such proceeds or income, provided that, in order to reserve such proceeds for
follow-on investments, such follow-on investment shall be subject to awritten commitment executed
prior to the end of such sixty (60) day period. As a matter of administrative convenience, however,
the Partnership shall not be obligated to make any distributions until such time as the aggregate
amount otherwise distributable exceeds One Million Dollars ($ I,000,000). The General Partner may
cause the Partnership to make other distributions, in cash or in kind, in its sole discretion, subject
to the other provisions of this Article XI.
SECTION 11.3 Priority of Distributions.
(a) Except as otherwise provided in Section 11.1 with respect to Tax
Distributions, prior to distributing any amount, the General Partner shall determine whether such
amount constitutes (i) a return of Capital Contributions represented by the cost ofthe investment in
the Portfolio Security disposed of or held in Money Market Investments or otherwise represents a
return of Capital Contributions or (ii) a distribution of income or gain from or in respect of an
investment in a Portfolio Security disposed of or held in Money Market Investments or in respect
of Bridge Financing. The cost of the investment in the Portfolio Security disposed of shall include
Operating Expenses of the Partnership that are allocated to such Portfolio Security in accordance
with Section 10.I0, to the extent such amounts have not been previously distributed to the Partners.
(b) All amounts to be distributed to the Partners that constitute areturn of Capital
Contributions as determined under Section 11.3(a)(i) shall be distributed Pro Rata to the Partners,
prior to any mnounts distributed under Section I 1.3(c) below.

PHILI.303151.21 .37.(c) All amounts to be distributed to the Partners that constitute income or gain
attributable to a Portfolio Security, Money Market Investment, Bridge Financing or other item of
income or gain, shall be distributed as follows:
(i) First. one hundred percent (100%) Pro Rata to the Partners until the
aggregate amount so distributed under this Section 11.3(clei) in the current and all prior fiscal years
is equal to the aggregate net Profits allocated pursuant to Section 10.1(b) in the current and all prior
fiscal years;
(ii) Second, one hundred percent (100%) Pro Rata to the Partners until the
aggregate amount so distributed under this Section 11.3(c)(ii) in the current and all prior fiscal years
is equal to the aggregate net Profits allocated pursuant to Section 10.1(c) in the current and all prior
fiscal years;
(iii) Third, one hundred percent (I 00%) Pro Rata to the Partners, until the
aggregate amount so distributed under this Section Il.3(c)(iii) for the current and all prior fiscal
years is equal to the aggregate net Profits allocated pursuant to Section 1O.l(d) in the current and all
prior fiscal years;
(iv) Fourth, one hundred percent (100%) to the General Partner until the
aggregate amount so distributed under this Section 11.3(c)(iv) for the current and all prior fiscal
years is equal to the aggregate net Profits allocated pursuant to Section 10.1(e) in the current and all
prior fiscal years; and
(v) Thereafter, (x) eighty percent (80%) Pro Rata to thc Partners and (y)
twenty percent (20%) to the General Partner.
(d) Notwithstanding the foregoing, any amounts distributed tothe General Partner
pursuant to Section ll.3( c) that are attributable to its Carried Interest are subject to return by the
General Partner to the Partnership upon the dissolution of the Partnership as and to the extent
required by Section 14.7.
(e) The General Partner, in its sole and absolute discretion, also may cause the
Partnership to distribute Portfolio Securities to the Partners (subject to Section 11.5). In the event
the General Partner elects to make such distributions in kind, the distributions shall be treated as a
distribution of the proceeds received from the deemed sale pursuant to Section J OA. Distributions
in kind to the General Partner in respect of its Carried Interest are subject to deposit into the Reserve
Account as set forth in Section 11.7. The General Partner may, in its sole and absolute discretion,
cause the Partnership to distribute to one or more Partners the proceeds from the sale of any Portfolio
Securities and to distribute in kind to one or more other Partners, including the General Partner,
Portfolio Securities of the class not sold. The General Partner shall provide a minimum of forty-
eight (48) hours written notice to each Partner prior to any such distribution.
PHIL[-303151-21 -38-(f) Notwithstanding Sections 11.3(a) through 11.3(e), amounts shall be
distributed to the General Partner to the extent the General Partner has varied the allocations and
distributions pursuant to Section 10.9.
SECTION 11.4 Tax Withholding. If the Partnership incurs a tax withholding obligation with
respect to any Partner, any amount required to be withheld by the Partnership with respect to such
Partner shall be treated for all purposes of this Agreement as ifit had been transferred to such Partner
by the Partnership as an interest free advance. Amounts treated as advanced to any Partner pursuant
to this Section 11.4 shall be repaid by such Partner to the Partnership within thirty (30) days after
the Partnership delivers awritten request to such Partner for such repayment;provided, however, that
ifany such repayment is not made, the Partnership, at the discretion ofthe General Partner, shall (a)
offset such unpaid amounts against any Partnership distributions that otherwise would be made to
such Partner and/or (b) subtract from the Capital Account of such Partner, no later than the day prior
to the Partnership's first liquidating distribution, the amount of any such tax withholding not so
collected, in each case treating the amount so collected or subtracted as having been distributed to
such Partner at the time of such collection or subtraction. For purposes of this Section 11.4, any tax
withholding obligation incurred by the General Partner with respect to any Partner shall constitute
a Partnership obligation.
SECTION 11.5 Certain Distributions Prohibited. Anything in this Article XI to the contrary
notwithstanding, all Partnership distributions shall be subject to the following limitations.
(a) No distribution shall be made to any Partner if, and to the extent that, such
distribution would not be permitted under Section 17-607(a) of the Delaware Act.
(b) No distribution other than a Tax Distribution shall be made to any Partner to
the extent that such distribution, if made, would cause such Partner to have an Adjusted Capital
Account Deficit (or increase an existing Adjusted Capital Account Deficit of such Partner).
(c) The Partnership shall not distribute to any Partners prior to the dissolution and
liquidation of the Partnership securities which are not Freely Tradeable Securities without the
consent ofthe distributee Partner.
SECTION 11.6 Consent to Distributions. Each Partner, by becoming a Partner, consents to any
such distribution hereafter made or omitted to be made to the Partners or any of them in accordance
with this Article XI.
SECTION 11.7 Reserve Account. In order to secure payment for the performance of its
obligations under Section 14.7, the General Partner shall maintain, until such obligations have been
discharged, an account (the "Reserve Account") into which the General Partner shall deposit twenty
percent (20%) of the amount that is from time to time distributed to the General Partner in respect
of its Carried Interest (including Portfolio Securities distributed to the General Partner pursuant to
Section 11.3(e)). Cash funds deposited in the Reserve Account may be invested in Freely Tradeable
Securities or Money Market Investments, as the General Partner, in its sole discretion, deems
PHILl- 303151~21 -39-appropriate. The General Partner may, in its sole discretion, but is not obligated to, invest all or any
portion of such funds in Portfolio Companies to the same extent that Principals are permitted to
make such investments pursuant to Section 3.9. The net income or gain earned on amounts
deposited in the Reserve Account may, from time to time, be withdrawn by the General Partner. If,
as of the last day of any fiscal year. the aggregate value of the assets held in the Reserve Account is
less than the aggregate amount deposited or to have been deposited in such account, the General
Partner shall, within sixty (60) days after the end of such fiscal year, contribute into the Reserve
Account an amount sufficient to correct such deficit. The General Partner, in lieu of depositing into
the Reserve Account Portfolio Securities distributed to the General Partner pursuant to Section
11.3(e), may deposit an amount of cash equal to the fair market value of such deposited Portfolio
Securities. Any funds remaining in the Reserve Account after the General Partner's obligations
pursuant to Section 14.7 have been fully satisfied shall be released to the General Partner.
SECTION 11.8 Additional Obligations. To the extent that the assets of the General Partner are
insufficient to satisfYits obligations to the Partnership pursuantto Section 14.7 hereof, the Principals
hereby agree that they shall guarantee, severally and not jointly, a percentage of the obligations of
the General Partner to the Partnership under Section 14.7equal to their respective ownership interest
ofthe LLC and shall execute that certain Guaranty Agreement substantially in the form set forth on
Exhibit I attached hereto and made a part hereof.
ARTICLE XII. VALUATION OF PARTNERSHIP ASSETS
SECTION 12.1 Valuation. For the purposes ofthis Agreement, the value of any Security as of
any date (or in the event such date is a holiday or other day which is not a business day, as of the
immediately preceding business day) shall be determined as follows:
(a) a Publicly Traded Security shall be valued based on the average ofthe prices
on each of the five trading days preceding the day in question (which day in question, for purposes
of making any distribution of Securities in kind, shall mean the second business day immediately
preceding the date of such distribution), with the price on any day being its last sales price on such
day or, if no sale occurred on such day, at the last "bid" price for such Security, in either case, which
shall be quoted on the principal securities exchange on which such Security is traded or on the
Nasdaq National Market System (including the Supplemental List thereof); and
(b) all other Securities or other assets and liabilities of the Partnership shall be
valued on such date or day by the General Partner at fair market value in such manner as it may
determine, subject to the provisions of Section 12.2;provided, that the Limited Partners Advisory
Committee shall approve the annual valuation plan prior to valuation decisions being made pursuant
to this Section 12.I(b) by the General Partner, the Management Company or any other entity to
whom the General Partner may delegate its powers hereunder. In addition, all such valuation
decisions shall be reviewed by the Limited Partners Advisory Committee except for valuations made
solely for quarterly financial statement reporting purposes and providedfurlher, that any valuation
of such other Security, in connection with the dissolution of the Partnership shall be made to the
extent practicable, by an investment banking firm or other appropriate independent expert, selected
Pl-IILl.303151.21 -40-by the General Partner and approved by the Limited Partners Advisory Committee which approval
is not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed.
SECTION 12.2 Certain Securities. Any Security which isheld under arepresentation that ithas
been acquired for investment and not with a view to the distribution thereof, or which is subject to
any other restriction affecting marketability (such as a restriction commonly referred to as an
"underwriting lockup" or arestriction on marketability arising out ofthe volume limitations imposed
by Rule 144) when held or distributed, shall be valued at such discount from the value determined
under Section 12.1(a) as the General Partner deems necessary to reflect properly the restricted
marketability of such Security; provided, however, that the following Securities that are not subject
to a restriction commonly referred to as an "underwriting lockup" may be valued without such
discount:
(a) Securities which would be immediately saleable by the Partnership pursuant
to Rule 144under the Securities Act (such Rule orany successor rule thereto being hereinafter called
"Rule 144") without any volume limitation applicable thereto;
(b) Securities which would, upon a distribution of such Securities to a Partner
pursuant to this Agreement, be immediately saleable by such Partner pursuant to Rule 144 (assuming
for all determinations under this clause (b) that such Partner is not an "affiliate"(as defined in Rule
144) of the issuer of such Securities, and that such Partner does not own and has not sold any
Securities of the same class of securities of such issuer)
ARTICLE XIII. DURATION OF THE PARTNERSHIP
SECTION 13.1 Term of Partnership. The Partnership shall continue until the date that is ten
(l 0) years after the Initial Closing unless its term is extended as provided in Section 13.4, or unless
it is sooner dissolved as provided in Sections 13.2 or 13.3 or by operation of law.
SECTION 13.2 Dissolution Upon Withdrawal of General Partner. The Partnership shall be
dissolved in the event of the occurrence with respect to the General Partner of any of the events of
withdrawal described in Sections 17-402(a)(2) through 17-402(a)(l0) of the Delaware Act unless,
within ninety (90) days after such event, a majority in interest of the Limited Partners (A) agree to
continue the Partnership and its business and (B) elect a substitute general partner effective as ofthe
date of the event of withdrawal, and such substitute general partner agrees in writing to accept such
election. If the General Partner suffers an event that, with the passage ofthe period specified in the
Delaware Act, becomes an event of withdrawal under Section 17-402(a)(4) or (5) of the Delaware
Act, the General Partner shall notify each Limited Partner of the occurrence of such event within
thirty (30) days after the occurrence of such event. The Partnership shall not be dissolved in the
event of the dissolution, death, bankruptcy, incompetence, disability, substitution or admission of
any Limited Partner.
SECTION 13.3 Dissolution by Partners. The General Partner, with the consent of a majority
in interest of the Limited Partners, may dissolve the Partnership at any time on not less than sixty
PHILl-303151-21 -41-(60) days' prior written notice of such dissolution to the other Partners; provided that any Parallel
Fund is simultaneously dissolved in accordance with the terms of its organizational documents.
Limited Partners and limited partners of any Parallel Fund constituting in the aggregate at least
eighty percent (80%) in interest of the Limited Partners and limited partners of any Parallel Fund,
voting together as a single class, may, at any time, (i) dissolve the Partnership and any Parallel Fund
or (ii) cause all Limited Partners and all limited partners of any Parallel Fund to become "inactive
partners" (as that term isused in Section 8.5 ofthis Agreement), in which case each Limited Partner
shall have no further right or obligation to make additional Capital Contributions in respect of its
Subscription and the Unfunded Subscription of each Limited Partner shall be deemed to be reduced
to zero, as of the date written notice of such dissolution or "inactive status" election is delivered to
the General Partner.
SECTION 13.4 Extension of Term. It is contemplated by the Partners that the term of the
Partnership shall terminate on the date that is ten (10) years after the Initial Closing and that the
Partnership shall be considered to be dissolved on such date without any further action being
required by any of the Partners, unless sooner terminated pursuant to Sections 13.2 or 13.3 or by
operation of law. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the term of the Partnership may be extended for
two (2) additional one (I) year periods by the General Partner with the approval of the Limited
Partners Advisory Committee in accordance with Section 6.4. The General Partner shall notifY the
Limited Partners promptly of any such extension. Any such extension shall be subject to the rights
of the Partners to dissolve the Partnership as provided in Section 13.3.
ARTICLE XIV. LIQUIDATION OF PARTNERSHIP INTERESTS
SECTION 14.1 General Provisions. At dissolution, the Partnership's assets shall be liquidated
in an orderly manner. The general partner of the Partnership shall be the liquidator to wind up the
affairs of the Partnership pursuant to this Agreement; provided that, if there shall be no remaining
general partner of the Partnership at that time, a majority in interest of the Limited Partners may
designate one or more other Persons to act as the liquidator(s) instead of the general partner of the
Partnership. Any such liquidator(s), other than the general partner of the Partnership, shall be a
"liquidating trustee" within the meaning of Section 17-10I(9) of the Delaware Act.
SECTION 14.2 Liquidating Distributions. The liquidator(s) shall payor provide for the
Partnership's liabilities and obligations to creditors. Any Profit or Loss realized in connection with
the liquidation of the Partnership shall be allocated among the Partners pursuant to Article X, and
the remaining assets ofthe Partnership shall then be distributed to the Partners in cash (to the extent
feasible) in proportion to the positive balances in the respective Capital Accounts of the Partners
(and, if a distribution in kind is necessary, after allocating any Profit or Loss attributable to such
distribution). In performing their duties, the liquidator(s) are authorized to sell, exchange or
otherwise dispose of the assets of the Partnership in such reasonable manner as the liquidator(s) shall
determine to be in the best interest of the Partners. During the liquidation of the Partnership, the
liquidator(s) shall furnish to the Partners the financial statements and other information specified in
Article XIX.
PHILl-303151-21 -42-SECTION 14.3 Expenses of Liquidator(s). The expenses incurred by the liquidator(s) in
connection with winding up the Partnership, all other losses or liabilities of the Partnership incurred
inaccordance with the terms ofthis Agreement, and reasonable compensation for the services of the
liquidator(s) (which, with respect to any liquidator who is aGeneral Partner, shall be paid only if the
Management Company is not then entitled to receive the Management Fee) shall be borne by the
Partnership.
SECTION 14.4 Duration of Liquidation. A reasonable time shall be allowed for the winding
up of the affairs of the Partnership in order to minimize any losses otherwise attendant upon such
a winding up. The liquidator(s) shall use its best efforts to dispose of or distribute all Partnership
assets within one (I) year of dissolution, but shall not be bound to do so or be liable in any way to
any Partner for failure to do so. The liquidator(s) shall then make final liquidating distributions from
the Partnership within ninety (90) days after receipt by the Partnership of all such liquidation
proceeds. For this purpose, (x) the date of the liquidation of the Partnership shall be the date on
which the Partnership has ceased to be a going concern, and (y) the Partnership shall not be deemed
to have ceased to be a going concern, until it has sold, distributed or otherwise disposed of its
Portfolio Securities.
SECTION 14.5 Duty of Care. The liquidator(s) shall not be liable to the Partnership or any
Partner for any loss attributable to any act or omission of the liquidator(s) taken in good faith in
connection with the liquidation of the Partnership and distribution of its assets in belief that such
course of conduct was in the best interest of the Partnership. The liquidator(s) may consult with
counsel and accountants with respect to liquidating the Partnership and distributing its assets and
shall bejustified in acting or omitting to act in accordance with the advice or opinion of such counsel
or accountants, provided they shall have been selected with reasonable care. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, if the General Partner is the liquidator, the General Partner's duty of care as liquidator
shall be governed by Section 3.10.
SECTION 14.6 No Liability for Return of Capital. Except to the extent provided in
Section 14.7, the liquidator(s), the General Partner and their respective officers, directors, agents,
partners (including the officers, directors, employees and agents of the general partners of the
General Partner) and Affiliates shall not be personally liable for the return of the Capital
Contributions of any Partner to the Partnership. No Limited Partner shall be obligated to restore to
the Partnership any amount with respect to anegative Capital Account; provided. however, that this
provision shall not affect the obligations of Partners to make their agreed upon Capital Contributions
to the Partnership.
SECTION 14.7 Liabilities of the General Partner upon Dissolution. Upon dissolution of the
Partnership, the General Partner shall contribute to the Partnership an amount equal to the
Cumulative Recoupable Shortfall Amount, ifany, which amount shall be distributed Pro Rata to the
Partners.
PHILI-303151-21 -43-ARTICLE XV. LIMITATION ON TRANSFERS OF INTERESTS OF LIMITED PARTNERS
SECTION 15.1 Consent of General Partner to Transfers. The prior written consent of the
General Partner (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld) shall be required for any
Transfer of part or all of any Limited Partner's economic interest in the Partnership. Any transferee
of an economic interest in the Partnership shall become a substituted Limited Partner only upon
satisfaction ofthe requirements set forth in Section 15.4.
SECTION 15.2 Opinion of Counsel. In addition to the consent required pursuant to
Section 15.1, unless otherwise waived by the General Partner in its reasonable discretion taking into
account the interests of the Partners and the Partnership, any Transfer shall be made only upon
receipt of a written opinion of counsel for the Partnership or other counsel reasonably satisfactory
to the Partnership (which opinion shall be obtained at the expense of the transferor) that such
Transfer will not result in (A) the Partnership or the General Partner being subjected to any
additional regulatory requirements (including those imposed by ERISA, the United States Investment
Company Act of 1940, or the United States Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended), (B) a
violation of applicable law or this Agreement, (C) the Partnership being classitied as an association
taxable as a corporation, (D) the Partnership being treated as a corporation pursuant to Section 7704
of the Code, or (E) the Partnership being deemed terminated pursuant to Section 708 of the Code.
In accordance with Section 21.10, such opinion shall also state that the interest being transferred has
been registered under the Securities Act or that an exemption from such registration is available.
SECTION 15.3 Expenses. The transferor of any interest in the Partnership hereby agrees
to reimburse the Partnership, at the request of the General Partner, for any expenses reasonably
incurred by the Partnership in the course of consummating such Transfer, including any legal,
accounting and other expenses.
SECTION 15.4 Substituted Limited Partners. Any transferee of a Partnership interest
transferred in accordance with the provisions of this Article XV shall be admitted as a substituted
Limited Partner upon the receipt of the General Partner's written consent thereto (which may be
withheld for any reason or for no reason in the sole and absolute discretion of the General Partner).
Without the aforesaid consent of the General Partner and the aforesaid written opinion of counsel,
no transferee of a Partnership interest shall be admitted as a substituted Limited Partner. The
transferee of an interest in the Partnership transferred pursuant to this Article XV that is admitted
to the Partnership as a substituted Limited Partner shall succeed to the rights and liabilities of the
transferor Limited Partner, and to the Subscription, Contributions Account and Capital Account of
the transferor, and such Subscription, Contributions Account and Capital Account shall become the
Subscription, Contributions Account and Capital Account, respectively, of the transferee, to the
extent of the interest transferred. The provisions of this Section 15.4 shall apply to any such
transferee that is not admitted as a substituted Limited Partner, and such transferee shall have all the
economic rights of a Limited Partner with respect to the interest transferred, to the maximum extent
permitted by Delaware law and the Code.
PHIL I- 303 I5 I-2 I -44.SECTION 15.5 Covenants of Limited Partners.
(a) Each Limited Partner agrees with all other Partners that it will not make any
Transfer of all or any part of its interest in the Partnership except in accordance with the provisions
of this Article XV.
(b) Each Limited Partner, by itsexecution ofthis Agreement, agrees and consents
to the admission of any substituted Limited Partner pursuant to the terms of this Article XV. Any
transferee of aPartnership interest shall execute a power of attorney as provided in Section 21.2 and
such other documents as the General Partner may request to effect such disposition, including an
assumption of all obligations ofthe transferor Limited Partner under this Agreement. Any attempted
Transfer of a Limited Partner's interest without compliance with this Agreement shall be void. In
the event of any transfer which shall result in multiple ownership of any Limited Partner's interest
in the Partnership, the General Partner may require one or more trustees or nominees to be
designated as representing a portion of or the entire interest transferred for the purpose of receiving
all notices which may be given, and all payments which may be made, under this Agreement and for
the purpose of exercising all rights which the transferor as a Limited Partner has pursuant to the
provisions of this Agreement. Every Transfer shall be subject to all of thc terms, conditions,
restrictions and obligations of this Agreement.
ARTICLE XVI. WITHDRAWAL OF PARTNERSHIP INTERESTS
SECTION 16.1 Withdrawal of Partnership Interests. No Partner shall have the right to
withdraw its capital and profits from the Partnership, except as provided below with respect to
ERISA and PERISA Partner withdrawal and in Section 3.15.
SECTION 16.2 ERISA Partner Withdrawal. Notwithstanding any proVISIOnin this
Agreement to the contrary, any Limited Partner which is an ERISA Partner may elect, upon written
notice of such election to the General Partner, to withdraw from the Partnership, or upon written
demand by the General Partner shall withdraw from the Partnership, at the time and in the manner
hereinafter provided, if either such ERISA Partner or the General Partner shall obtain and deliver to
the other an opinion of counsel (which counsel shall be reasonably acceptable to both such ERISA
Partner and the General Partner) to the effect that (a) such ERISA Partner (or any employee benefit
plan or any plan assets which are held by such ERISA Partner) may be in violation of ERISA, the
Code or rules or regulations promulgated thereunder by reason of such ERISA Partner continuing
as a Limited Partner, or (b) the fiduciaries of such ERISA Partner (or fiduciaries of an employee
benefit plan or plan the assets of which are held by such ERISA Partner, as applicable), would have
liability for the acts or omissions of the General Partner, notwithstanding the provisions of section
405(d) of ERISA, or (c) the Partnership or the General Partner mayor would be in violation of
ERISA or the Code by continuing to have such ERISA Partner as a member. In the event of the
issuance and delivery of such opinion of counsel, the General Partner shall promptly provide to each
Partner a copy thereof, together with a copy of the written notice of the election of such ERISA
Partner to withdraw or the written demand of the General Partner for withdrawal, as the case may
be.
PHILI-303151-21 -45-SECTION 16.3 Cure Period: Time of Withdrawal. The General Partner shall have. in its sole
discretion, a period of ninety (90) days following receipt of such counsel's opinion to attempt to
eliminate the necessity for such withdrawal to the reasonable satisfaction of such ERISA Partner and
the General Partner, whether by correction of the condition giving rise to the necessity of such
ERISA Partner's withdrawal, by amendment ofthis Agreement, by effectuation of atransfer of such
ERISA Partner's interest in the Partnership to a substituted Limited Partner at a fair and reasonable
price (provided such ERISA Partner consents to such transfer) or otherwise. If such cause for
withdrawal is not cured within such ninety (90) day period, then such ERISA Partner shall withdraw
from the Partnership as of the date following the expiration of such ninety (90) day period (or, if the
General Partner elects in writing not to attempt so to cure, as of the date following such election)
which is the earlier of (a) the last day of the fiscal year of the Partnership during which such ninety
(90) day period expires or during which the General Partner so elects not to attempt a cure, as the
case may be, and (b) the last day of the fiscal quarter of the Partnership during which such ninety
(90) day period expires or during which the General Partner so elects not to attempt a cure, as the
case may be, provided that the last day of such fiscal quarter is recommended for withdrawal by
counsel in such opinion (the earlier of (a) and (b) being herein referred to as the "ERISA Withdrawal
Date"). The reasonable costs of obtaining or seeking an opinion of counsel for purposes of this
Section 16.3, whether or not such opinion isto the effect specified above or results in the withdrawal
of the ERISA Partner, shall be borne by the ERISA Partner.
SECTION 16.4 Effects of ERISA Partner Withdrawal. Effective upon the ERISA
Withdrawal Date, such ERISA Partner shall cease to be a Partner of the Partnership for all purposes
and, except for its right to receive payment for its Partnership interest as hereinafter provided, shall
no longer be entitled to the rights of a Partner under this Agreement, including without limitation
the right to receive allocations pursuant to Article X hereof, the right to receive distributions during
the term of the Partnership pursuant to Article XI and upon liquidation of the Partnership pursuant
to Article XIV and the right to vote on Partnership matters as provided in this Agreement. As
promptly as practicable following the ERISA Withdrawal Date, the General Partner shall, where
necessary, .fileand record any required amendment to the Certificate reflecting such withdrawal.
SECTION 16.5 Distribution to ERISA Partner. As promptly as practicable following the
ERISA Withdrawal Date, there shall be distributed to such ERISA Partner, in full payment and
satisfaction of its interest in the Partnership, an amount equal to the amount which such ERISA
Partner would have been entitled to ,receive pursuant to Article XIV if the Partnership had been
liquidated on and as of the ERISA Withdrawal Date and all ofthe Partnership's assets had been sold
on such date for their fair market value. No approval of the Partners shall be required prior to the
making of such distribution. For purposes of determining the amount of the distribution to be made
to such ERISA Partner, and the value of each of the Partnership's assets. the Partnership's annual or
quarterly financial statements, as the case may be, prepared in accordance with Article XIX hereof
for the period ending on the ERISA Withdrawal Date shall be deemed to be conclusive. Such
distribution to the withdrawing ERISA Partner shall be payable in cash. cash equivalents and/or
securities of Portfolio Companies, with each separate group of cash, cash equivalents, securities of
Portfolio Companies and/or other assets being distributed to the withdrawing ERISA Partner in
Pl-IILl-303ISI-21 -46-proportion to such ERISA Partner's interest in the Partnership to the extent practicable, unless
otherwise required by law or contract.
SECTION 16.6 Conforming Amendment. Upon the withdrawal of any ERISA Partner from
the Partnership pursuant to this Article XVI, the Partners (including the withdrawing ERISA Partner)
shall enter into an amendment to this Agreement reflecting such withdrawal and amending such
provisions of this Agreement, including without limitation the provisions regarding allocations and
distributions during the term of the Partnership and upon its liquidation, as may be appropriate, so
that the intent, spirit, operation and effect of such allocation, distribution and other provisions shall,
to the maximum extent possible, be preserved after taking into account the withdrawal of such
ERISA Partner.
SECTION 16,7 PERISA Partner Withdrawal. For purposes of Sections 16.2, 16.3, 16.4,
16,5 and 16.6, (a) each Limited Partner that is an employee benefit plan subject to regulation under
applicable state or local laws that are similar in purpose and intent to ERISA (a "Public Employee
Retirement Security Act Partner" or "PERISA Partner") shall be treated as an ERISA Partner, and
(b) all references in such provisions to ERISA shall be deemed to refer to such applicable state laws
and regulations.
ARTICLE XVII. LIMITATION ON TRANSFER OF INTEREST
OF THE GENERAL PARTNER AND AFFILIATES
SECTION 17.1 Limitation on Transfer of Interest of the General Partner. Without the
consent of a majority in interest of the Limited Partners, (i) the General Partner shall not Transfer
all or any part of its general partnership interest in the Partnership, (ii) the Individual Principals and
the Safeguard Principal shall not Transfer all or any part of their respective membership interests in
the LLC if, as a result of such Transfer, the Individual Principals and the Safeguard Principal
collectively cease to Control the LLC and (iv) the Individual Principals shall not Transfer all or any
part of their respective membership interests in the Management Company if, as a result of such
Transfer, the Individual Principals collectively, cease to Control the Management Company. Any
attempted Transfers in violation of the preceding sentence shall be void and any Transfers that do
not require the consent of the majority in interest of the Limited Partners pursuant to the preceding
sentence shall not be limited by this Agreement. Nothing in this Agreement shall limit the ability
of the partners of the General Partner to transfer limited partnership interests in the General Partner.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Transfer by the General Partner of its general partnership interest
shall be effective unless the new general partner agrees to be bound by the terms of this Agreement.
ARTICLE XVlll. INDEMNIFICATION
SECTION 18.1 General Provisions.
(a) The General Partner, the LLC, the Management Company, the Principals, their
partners, officers, directors, managers, members, employees, independent contractors, consultants,
agents and Affiliates, each member of the Investment Committee and each member of the Limited
PHILl-303151-21 -47-Partners Advisory Committee and each employer of each member of foregoing (herein referred to
as an "Indemnitee") shall be indemnified bythe Partnership (only out of Partnership assets, including
the proceeds of liability insurance) against any claim, demand, controversy, dispute, cost, loss,
damage, expense (including attorney's fees), judgment and/or liability incurred by or imposed upon
the Indemnitee in connection with any action, suit or proceeding (inclnding any proceeding before
any administrative or legislative body or agency) to which the Indemnitee may be a party or
otherwise involved, or with which the Indemnitee may be threatened, by reason of the Indemnitee's
(or the Indemnitee's employee) being at the time the cause of action arose or thereafter, the General
Partner (including the General Partner acting as Tax Matters Partner), the LLC, the Management
Company, their partners, officers, directors, managers, members, employees independent contractors,
consultants, agents and Affiliates or a member of the Investment Committee or Limited Partners
Advisory Committee, or a director, officer, partner, manager, member, employee, independent
contractor, consultant, agent or Affiliate of any other organization in which the Partnership owns an
interest or of which the Partnership is a creditor, which other organization the Indemnitee (or its
employee) serves or has served as a director, officer, partner, manager, member, employee,
independent contractor, consultant, agent or Affiliate at the request of the Partnership, directly or
through the Management Company, (whether or not the Indemnitee or its employee continues to
serve in such capacity at the time such action, suit or proceeding is brought or threatened), except
with respect to matters as to which the Indemnitee (or its employee) shall have been finally
adjudicated in any such action, suit or proceeding, to have committed actions or omissions that (A)
constitute actual fraud, negligence that would have a material adverse effect on the operations of the
Partnership or willful misconduct or (B) result in any criminal conviction of, or plea of nolo
contendere to, a felony or fraud based violation of federal or state securities laws or (C) result in a
consent to a fraud based injunction or order by the Securities and Exchange Commission or other
regulatory body prohibiting future securities laws violations (with or without admission ofliability)
or (D) result in a felony conviction punishable by 5 years or more in prison or (E) result in a breach
of afiduciary duty. In the event of settlement of any action, suit or proceeding brought or threatened,
such indemnification shall apply to all matters covered by the settlement. The foregoing right of
indemnification shall be in addition to any rights to which any Indemnitee may otherwise be entitled
and shall inure to the benefit of the executors, administrators, personal representatives, successors
or assigns of each such Indemnitee. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to be inconsistent
with the provisions of Section 410 of ERISA. In determining whether an Indemnitee is negligent
for purposes of this Section 18.1(a), the standard shall be whether the Indemnitee failed to exercise
the care, skill, prudence and diligence under the circumstances then prevailing that a person acting
in a like capacity and familiar with such matters would use in the conduct of a private equity
investment fund with similar purposes.
(b) Ifany Indemnitee seeks indemnification from the Partnership pursuant to this
Section 18.1, it shall so notify the Partnership and the Limited Partners Advisory Committee. Any
proposed settlement arrangement giving rise to the current indemnification obligation that is in
excess of One Million Dollars ($1,000,000) shall be presented to the Limited Partners Advisory
Committee for its approval, which approval will not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. If the
Limited Partners Advisory Committee approves any such settlement arrangement, the Indemnitee
shall be entitled to indemnification under this Section 18.1 and such determination shall be binding
PHILI,303ISI.21 .48.on the Partners and the Partnership. No Limited Partners Advisory Committee approval shall be
required for any proposed settlement arrangements giving rise to the indemnification obligation that
are equal to or less than One Million Dollars ($1,000,000), provided the Limited Partners Advisory
Committee had been notified of any such settlement.
SECTION 18.2 Advance Payment of Expenses. The Partnership shall pay the expenses
incurred by an Indemnitee, up to a maximum of One Million Dollars ($1,000,000) in the aggregate,
in defending a civil or criminal action, suit or proceeding, or in opposing any claim arising in
connection with any potential or threatened civil or criminal action, suit or proceeding, in advance
of the final disposition of such action, suit or proceeding, upon receipt of an undertaking by such
Indemnitee to repay such payment if such Indemnitee shall be determined to be not entitled to
indemnification therefor asprovided herein;provided, however, that in such instance the Indemnitee
isnot commencing an action, suit, or proceeding against the Partnership, or defending an action, suit
or proceeding commenced against him by the Partnership or opposing a claim by the Partnership
arising in connection with any such potential or threatened action, suit or proceeding. The
Partnership shall notify the Limited Partner's Advisory Committee in writing at least ten (10) days
prior to making any such payments. If the Indemnitee ultimately is required to repay such amounts
under this Section 18.2 and the Indemnitee does not repay such amounts within thirty (30) days of
such determination, then such amounts shall be deducted from the next occurring distribution to the
General Partner.
SECTION 18.3 Insurance. The General Partner, on behalf ofthe Partnership, may cause the
Partnership to purchase and maintain insurance with such limits or coverages as the General Partner
reasonably deems appropriate, at the expense of the Partnership and to the extent available, for the
protection of any Indemnitee against any liability incurred by such Indemnitee in any such capacity
or arising out of his status as such, provided such coverages are consistent with, and limited by, the
Partnership's power to indemnify such Indemnitee against such liability as set forth in Section 18.2
hereof. The General Partner may purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of the Partnership for
the protection of any officer, director, employee, consultant or other agent of any other organization
in which the Partnership owns an interest or of which the Partnership is a creditor against similar
liabilities.
SECTION 18.4 Sharing ofindemnification Expenses with Parallel Funds. It is understood
and agreed that, with regard to any claim for indemnification pursuant to this Article XVIII which
relates to a common activity of the Partnership and any Parallel Fund or any Successor Entity, the
Partnership shall be obligated to provide indemnity hereunder up to, but only to the extent of, its pro
rata share ofthe total of any such amounts so paid by any or all of the Partnership, any Parallel Fund
or any Successor Entity (i) if such claim arises from a Portfolio Company investment, in proportion
to the respective amounts invested by the Partnership and such other funds in such Portfolio
Company, and (ii) otherwise in proportion to the respective amounts of capital contributed (in cash
and commitments) to the respective partnerships or related funds. In the event that any claim for
indemnification relates only to or is caused sobly by the activities or existence of only one of such
partnerships or related funds, such indemnification shall be borne fully by that party. The General
Partner agrees to use best efforts to cause any Parallel Fund and any Successor Entity to adhere to
PHIL].30315[.21 -49-the principles of shared indemnification set forth herein. Any amounts payable to an Indemnitee
hereunder shall be payable first from the proceeds of any insurance recovery and then from the other
assets ofthe Partnership; provided, that ifavailable and practicable, an Indemnified Party should first
seek indemnification from the applicable Portfolio Company (or from the applicable Portfolio
Company's insurance, if any).
SECTION 18.5 Limitation by Law. If the General Partner or the Partnership is subject to
any federal or state law, rule or regulation which restricts the extent to which any person may be
exonerated or indemnified by the Partnership in any particular instance, then the indemnification
provisions set forth in this Article XVIII and the exoneration provisions set forth in Sections 3.10
and 14.5 shall be deemed to be amended, automatically and without further action by the General
Partner or the Limited Partners, to conform to such restrictions on exoneration or indemnification
as set forth in such applicable federal or state law, rule or regulation. If any such law, statute, rule
or regulation of any jurisdiction by which the Partnership may be governed is thereafter amended
to enlarge the scope of indemnification or eliminate or reduce the liability of any Indemnitee, then
this Agreement shall be deemed to be amended, automatically and without any further action by the
General Partner or the Limited Partners to broaden correspondingly the exoneration or
indemnification provided hereunder; provided, however, that the scope of the exoneration or
indemnification provided hereunder shall not be enlarged beyond that which is set forth in this
Article XVIII as of the date hereof. The rights to indemnification and advancement of expenses
conferred in this Article XVIII shall not be exclusive of any other right which any Indemnitee may
have or hereafter acquire under any law, statute, rule, regulation, charter document, by-law, contract
or agreement.
ARTICLE XIX. ACCOUNTING; RECORDS AND REPORTS; ANNUAL MEETINGS
SECTION 19.1 Fiscal Year. The fiscal year of the Partnership shall be the calendar year,
or such other year as is required by the Code.
SECTION 19.2 Keeninll of Accounts and Records. At all times the General Partner shall
cause to be kept proper and complete books of account, inwhich shall be entered fully and accurately
the transactions of the Partnership. Such books of account (which shall be kept on the accrual
method of accounting), together with (a) an executed copy of this Agreement (and any amendments
hereto), including Schedule A hereto; (b) the Certificate of Limited Partnership of the Partnership
(and any amendments thereto); (c) executed copies of any powers of attorney pursuantto which any
certificate has been executed by the Partnership; (d) a current list of the full name, taxpayer
identification number and last known address of each Partner set forth in alphabetical order; (e)
copies of all tax returns, if any, filed by the Partnership for each of the prior three (3) years; and (f)
all financial statements of the Partnership for each of the prior three (3) years, shall at all times be
maintained at the principal office of the Partnership.
SECTION 19.3 Inspection Rights. At any time while the Partnership continues and until its
complete liquidation, each Partner (or the designee thereof) during normal business hours may fully
examine and audit the Partnership's books, records, accounts and assets, including bank balances,
PHIL [- 303151.21 -50-and may make, or cause to be made, any examination or audit at such Partner's expense. Each
Limited Partner (or the designee thereof) during normal business hours may examine, or request that
the General Partner furnish, such additional information as is reasonably necessary to enable the
rcquesting Partner (or the designee thereof) to review the state of the investment activities of the
Partnership. Notwithstanding the foregoing, (I) any such examination or audit shall be made (A)
only upon five (5) days, prior written notice to the General Partner, (B) during normal business hours
and (C) without undue disruption; (2) the General Partner shall have the benefit of the confidential
information provisions of Section 17-305(b) of the Delaware Act; and (3) the management of the
affairs of the Partnership shall be in the complete control of the General Partner.
SECTION 19.4 Annual Financial Statements. The General Partner shall transmit to each
Partner, within ninety (90) days after the close of each fiscal year or as soon as practicable thereafter,
the financial statements of the Partnership for such fiscal year. Such financial statements shall
include balance sheets of the Partnership as ofthe end of such fiscal year and of the preceding fiscal
year, statements of income and loss ofthe Partnership for such fiscal year and for the preceding fiscal
year, and statements of changes in Partners' Capital Accounts for such fiscal year and for the
preceding fiscal year, prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles audited
by a recognized firm of independent public accountants. The General Partner shall also transmit to
each Partner, within ninety (90) days after the close of each fiscal year or as soon as practicable
thereafter, a report indicating such Partner's share of all items of income or gain, expense, loss or
other deduction and tax credit of the Partnership for such year, as well as the status of its Capital
Account as of the end of such year, and such additional information as it reasonably may request to
enable it to complete its tax returns or to fulfill any other reporting requirements. For information
purposes, the General Partner shall also furnish to each Partner, as promptly as practicable after the
close of each fiscal year, a list of the Partnership's investments, valued at fair market value as
determined in accordance with Article XII as of the end of such fiscal year, with a brief narrative
report as to the status and operations of each such investment.
SECTION 19.5 Ouarterly Financial Statements; Investment Memoranda.
(a) The General Partner will furnish to each Partner, within forty-five (45) days
after the end of each of the first three (3) fiscal quarters of each fiscal year of the Partnership,
unaudited financial statements ofthe Partnership for the quarter then ended, which statements shall
contain data sufficient to inform each Partner as to the current financial status ofthe Partnership and
its investments, with a brief narrative report as to the status and opcrations of each such investment.
(b) Following the initial investment by the Partnership in a Portfolio Company,
the General Partner shall furnish to each Limited Partner an investment memorandum containing an
overview of the Portfolio Company's line of business, a description (in summary form) of its
products and market, and a brief analysis ofthe Partnership's reasons for making the investment, in
each case to the extent that the furnishing of such information is not inconsistent with any
confidentiality agreement or understanding with such Portfolio Company to which the Partnership
is subject.
PHtLl-J03151-2! -51-SECTION 19.6 Annual Meetings. The Partnership may shall annual meetings offering
Limited Partners the opportunity to review and discuss the Partnership's investment activity and
portfolio. The General Partner shall notify each Limited Partner at least forty-five (45) days in
advance of the time and place of the year's annual meeting, and request each Limited Partner that
wishes to send one or more representatives to that meeting to so notify the General Partner. At the
General Partner's discretion, the annual meeting for aparticular year may be held in several locations
at different times to make attendance more convenient for Limited Partners from different
geographic locations. In addition to any annual meeting, at the General Partner's discretion,
individual meetings with interested Limited Partners may be held.
SECTION 19.7 Accounting Method. The Partnership shall use the accrual method of
accounting for United States federal income tax purposes.
SECTION 19.8 Independent Accountants. ll1ePartnership's independent public accountants
shall be any nationally recognized independent public accounting firm selected by the General
Partner in its sole discretion.
SECTION 19.9 Amortization of Organizational Expenses. The organizational expenses of
the Partnership shall be amortized over a sixty (60) month period to the extent permitted by Section
709 of the Code.
SECTION 19.10 Change of Principal Office. The General Partner may change the location
of the principal office or the mailing address of the Partnership at any time, upon written notice to
all Partners indicating the new location of such principal office or new mailing address, as the case
may be.
ARTICLE XX. WAIVER AND AMENDMENT
SECTION 20.1 Waiver and Amendment.
(a) Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement. the terms and provisions of
this Agreement may be waived, modified, terminated or amended with the written consent of the
General Partner and of Limited Partners constituting in the aggregate at least a majority in interest
of the Limited Partners. No such amendment shall, however, (1) dilute the relative interest of any
Partner in the profits or capital of the Partnership or in allocations or distributions attributable to the
ownership of such interest without the written consent of such Partner (except such dilution as may
result from additional Subscriptions from the Limited Partners or the admission of additional
Limited Partners), (2) alter or waive the terms of Sections 3.12 and 3.13 or Articles XVI and XX
without the written consent of any Partner which would be adversely affected thereby, or (3) increase
the liability of any Partner without the written consent of such Partner. The General Partner shall
promptly furnish copies of any amendments to this Agreement to all Partners. The admission or
substitution of Partners and increases in Subscriptions s,hallnot require the consent of, or notice to,
any Limited Partner.
PH1LI-303151-21 -52-(b) In addition to any amendments otherwise authorized hereby, this Agreement
may be amended from time to time by the General Partner without the consent of the Limited
Partners (1) to cure any ambiguity or correct or supplement any provisions hereof which may be
inconsistent with any other provision hereof, or correct any printing, stenographic or clerical errors
or omissions, or (2) at any time and from time to time prior to the Final Closing, to amend any
provision of this agreement if such amendment is not adverse to the interests of Limited Partners as
a whole or as a class or if such amendment benefits the Limited Partners as a whole or as a class.
(c) Except as otherwise specifically set forth inthis Agreement, any amendment,
consent, waiver, modification or termination of the terms and provisions ofthis Agreement which
results in the same economic and legal consequences to the Partners and the limited partners of any
Parallel Fund shall require the written consent of the General Partner and the written consent of
Limited Partners and limited partners of any Parallel Fund constituting, in the aggregate, a majority
in interest of all such Limited Partners and limited partners, voting together as a single class.
ARTICLE XXI. GENERAL PROVISIONS
SECTION 21.1 Notices. Except where otherwise specifically provided in this Agreement,
all notices, requests, consents, approvals and statements shall be in writing and shall be deemed to
have been properly given by personal delivery or if mailed from within the country of the sender by
air mail or first class mail, postage prepaid, or if sent by prepaid telegram, electronic facsimile
transmission or telex, or if sent by courier service, addressed in each case, if to the Partnership or to
the General Partner, at its address set forth in Schedule A, and if to any other Partner, to the address
of such Partner as set forth in Schedule A or in the instrument pursuant to which it became a Partner
or, in each case, to such other address or addresses as the'addressee may have specified by written
notice as aforesaid to the other parties.
SECTION 21.2 Power of Attorney.
(a) Each of the undersigned by execution of this Agreement constitutes and
appoints each of the General Partner, the LLC and each Principal, acting individually, as its true and
lawful representative and attorney-in-fact, in its name, place and stead, to make, execute, sign,
acknowledge and deliver or file (I) all instruments, documents and certificates which may from time
to time be required by any law to effectuate, implement and continue the valid and subsisting
existence of the Partnership, (2) all instruments, documents and certificates that may be required to
effectuate the dissolution and termination ofthe Partnership in accordance with the provisions hereof
and Delaware law, (3) all other amendments of this Agreement or the Certificate contemplated by
this Agreement including, without limitation, amendments reflecting the withdrawal ofthe General
Partner, or the return, in whole or in part, of the contribution of any Partner, or the addition,
substitution or increased contribution of any Partner, or any action of the Partners duly taken
pursuant to this Agreement whether or not such Partner voted in favor of or otherwise approved such
action, and (4) any other instrument, certificate or document required from time to time to admit a
Partner, to effect its substitution as a Partner, to effect the substitution of the Partner's assignee as
a Partner, or to reflect any action of the Partners provided for in this Agreement. None of the
PHILl-303151.21 -53-General Partner, the LLC or any Principal, when acting as attorney-in-fact for any ofthe undersigned
Limited Partners, may act in a manner that is adverse to the Limited Partners unless the requisite
consent of the Limited Partners as set forth in this Agreement shall have been obtained.
(b) Each of the Partners is aware that the terms of this Agreement permit certain
amendments to this Agreement and the Certificate to be effected and certain other actions to be taken
by or with respect to the Partnership, in each case with the approval or by the vote of less than all
the Partners. If, as and when (1) an amendment of this Agreement and the Certificate is proposed
or an action is proposed to be taken by or with respect to the Partnership which does not require,
under the terms of this Agreement, the approval of all of the Partners, (2) Partners holding the
interest in the Partnership specified in this Agreement as being required for such amendment or
action have approved such amendment or action in the manner contemplated by this Agreement
(disregarding the consent of any Partner whose approval has been granted by the General Partner's
use of such Partner's power of attorney), and (3) a Partner has failed or refused to approve such
amendment or action (hereinafter referred to as a non-consenting Partner), each non-consenting
Partner agrees that the special attorney specified above, with full power of substitution, is hereby
authorized and empowered to execute, acknowledge, make, swear to, verify, deliver, record, file
and/or publish, for and on behalf of such non-consenting Partner, and in its name, place and stead,
any and all instruments and documents which may be necessary or appropriate to permit such
amendment, if otherwise approved, to be lawfully made or action lawfully taken. Each Partner is
fully aware that it and each other Partner has executed this special power of attorney, and that each
Partner will rely on the effectiveness of such powers with aview to the orderly administration ofthe
Partnership's affairs.
(c) Thc powers of attorney granted herein (1) shall be deemed to be coupled with
an interest, shall be irrevocable and shall survive the death, insanity, incompetency or incapacity (or,
in the case of a Partner that is a corporation, association, partnership or trust, shall survive the
merger, dissolution or other termination of existence) of the Partner and (2) shall survive the
assignment by the Partner of the whole or any portion of his interest, except that where the assignee
of the whole or any portion thereof has furnished a power of attorney, this power of attorney shall
survive such assignment for the sole purpose of enabling the General Pminer to execute,
acknowledge and file any instrument necessary to effect any permitted substitution of the assignee
for the assignor as a Partner and shall thereafter terminate. In the event that the appointment
conferred in this Section 21.2 would not constitute a legal and valid appointment by any Partner
under the laws of thejurisdiction in which such Partner is incorporated, established or resident, upon
the request of the General Partner, such Partner shall deliver to the General Partner a properly
authenticated and duly executed document constituting a legal and valid power of attorney under the
laws of the appropriate jurisdiction covering the matters set f01ih in this Section 21.2.
(d) The General Partner shall require a power of attorney to be executed by a
transferee of a Partner as a condition of its admission as a substitute Partner.
SECTION 21.3 Waiver of Partition. Each Partner hereby irrevocably waives any and all
rights that it may have to maintain an action for partition of any of the Partnership's propeliy .
PHIL!. 303151.21 .54-SECTION 21.4 Additional Documents. Each Partner hereby agrees to execute all
certificates, counterparts, amendments, instruments or documents that may be required by the laws
of the various jurisdictions in which the Partnership conducts its activities, to conform with the laws
of such jurisdictions governing limited partnerships.
SECTION 21.5 Binding on Successors. This Agreement shall be binding upon and it shall
inure to the benefit ofthe respective heirs, successors, assigns and legal representatives of the parties
hereto.
SECTION 21.6 Counterparts. This Agreement or any amendment hereto may be signed in
any number of counterparts, each of which shall be an original, but all of which taken together shall
constitute one agreement (or amendment, as the case may be).
SECTION 21.7 Action by Limited Partners; Nonvoting Limited Partnership Interest.
(a) Whenever action is required by this Agreement to be taken by a specified
percentage in interest ofthe Limited Partners, such action shall be deemed to be valid if taken upon
written vote or written consent by those Limited Partners whose Contributions Account balances
represent the specified percentage of the aggregate Contributions Account balances of all Limited
Partners at the time; provided, that Limited Partners which are Affiliates of the General Partner shall
not participate in any vote of the Limited Partners which may be required under this Agreement,
except with respect to the matters described in Section 20.1 hereof.
(b) If and to the extent that any corporation, pminership or other entity that is
subject to the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended, and Regulation Y of the Board of
Governors of the Federal Reserve System promulgated thereunder shall at any time be a limited
paJiner (a "BHCA Limited Partner"), and the limited partnership interest held by such BHCA
Limited Partner exceeds four and nine/tenths percent (4.9%) of the then total outstanding limited
partnership interests (exclusive of Nonvoting Limited Partnership Interests), the excess of such
limited partnership interests for the time being over four and nine/tenths percent (4.9%) of all limited
partnership interests (exclusive of Nonvoting Limited Partnership Interests) shall constitute a
separate class of limited partnership interests denominated "Nonvoting Limited Partnership
Interests". The rights, privileges, benefits and liabilities appertaining to the Nonvoting Limited
Partnership Interests shall be identical in all respects to the rights, privileges, benefits and liabilities
appertaining to all other limited partnership interests, except that holders of Nonvoting Limited
Partnership Interests shall not be entitled to vote upon or give consents in respect of any action by
the Limited Partners pursuant to Section 3.14 or, except as hereinafter provided, pursuant to any
other provision of this agreement which requires or contemplates the vote or consent of Limited
Partners, and the Contributions Account balances attributable to the Nonvoting Limited Partnership
Interests shall not be treated under Section 21.7(a) as Limited Partner Contributions Account
balances for purposes of determining whether the requisite percentage in interest of the Limited
Partners has taken any such action. For purposes of Section 20.1, notwithstanding anything
contained herein, holders of Nonvoting Limited Partnership Interests shall be entitled to vote on or
give consent with respect to any matter which under that section requires a vote of the Limited
Partners if the action contemplated by such vote or consent would materially adversely affect the
PH1Ll-303151-21 .55.rights of the Limited Partners, and no amendment shall be made in the provisions of this Section
21.7(b) without the written consent of each BHCA Limited Partner. Without in any way limiting
the provisions of Article XV of this Agreement, the prior written consent of the General Partner
(which consent may be withheld or delayed in the sole discretion of the General Partner), shall be
required for any transfer of all or part of any BHCA Limited Partncr's economic interest in the
partnership which at the time of such transfer constitutes Nonvoting Limited Partnership Interests.
SECTION 21.8 Voting. Any vote or other action required or permitted to be taken by this
Agreement may be taken by written consent signed by not less than the requisite percentage in
interest of parties required or permitted to take such vote or other action.
SECTION 21.9 Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in
accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware without giving effect to the conflict of laws
principles thereof.
SECTION 21.10 Securities Act Matters. Each Partner understands that in addition to the
restrictions on transfer contained inthis Agreement, itmust bear the economic risks of its investment
for an indefinite period because the Partnership interests have not been registered under the
Securities Act and, therefore, may not be sold or otherwise transferred unless they are registered
under the Securities Act or an exemption from such registration is available. Each Partner agrees
with all other Partners that it will not sell or otherwise transfer its interest in the Partnership unless
such interest has been so registered or in the opinion of counsel for the Partnership, or of other
counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Partnership, such an exemption is available.
SECTION 21.11 Right to Rely on Authority of General Partner. No Person that is not a
Partner, in dealing with the General Partner, shall be required to determine such General Partner's
authority to make any commitment or engage in any undertaking on behalf of the Partnership, or to
determine any fact or circumstance bearing upon the existence of the authority of the General
Partner.
SECTION 21.12 Tax Matters Partner. The "tax matters partner", as defined in Section 6231
of the Code, of the Partnership shall be the General Partner (the "Tax Matters Partner"). The Tax
Matters Partner shall not resign as tax matters partner of the Partnership unless, on the effective date
of such resignation, the Partnership has designated another general partner as Tax Matters Partner
and that general partner has given its consent in writing to its appointment as Tax Matters Partner.
The Tax Matters Partner shall receive no additional compensation from the Partnership for its
services in that capacity, but all expenses incurred by the Tax Matters Partner shall be borne by the
Partnership. The Tax Matters Partner is authorized to employ such accountants, attorneys and agents
as it, in its sole discretion, determines are necessary to or useful in the performance of its duties.
Any Person who serves as Tax Matters Partner shall not be liable to the Partnership or to any Partner
for any action it takes or fails to take as Tax Matters Partner with respect to any administrative or
judicial proceeding involving "partnership items" (as defined in Section 6231 of the Code) of the
Partnership, unless such action or failure to act constitutes a violation of the General Partner's duty
of care set forth in Section 3.10.
PHILl- 303151-21 -56-SECTION 21.13 Contract Construction. Whenever the content ofthis Agreement permits,
the masculine gender shall include the feminine and neuter genders, and reference to singular or
plural shall be interchangeable with the other. The invalidity or unenforceability of anyone or more
provisions of this Agreement shall not affect the other provisions, and this Agreement shaH be
construed in all respects as ifany such invalid or unenforceable provisions were omitted. References
in this Agreement to particular sections of the Code or to provisions of Delaware law shall be
deemed to refer to such sections or provisions as they may be amended after the date of this
Agreement.
SECTION 21.14 Section Headings. Captions in this Agreement are for convenience only
and do not define or limit any term of this Agreement.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, theundersigned has executed this Limited Partnership Agreement
ofSCP Private Equity Partners II, L.P. as of the day, month and year first above written.
GENERAL PARTNER:
SCP PRIVATE EQUITY II GENERAL PARTNER, L.P.
(the Partnership's sole general partner)
By: SCP Private Equity II, LLC
a Delaware limited liability company
(its manager)
By:
Name: James W. Brown
Title: Manager
The Limited Partners listed on Schedule A have signed this Agreement by their signature on their
respective Subscription Agreements by which they acquired their Limited Partnership Interests.
PHILI-]O]ISI-2! -57-